{"proposition": {"verdict": "overreaches", "evidence": "The joined key claims the SEM morphology and ECHEM plateau data 'are mutually consistent with a rate-dependent divergence... at high current density the hosts' effects on deposit morphology... track the emergence of a large overpotential gap between hosts.' The word 'track' implies morphology co-varies with current density in step with the overpotential gap, but the SEM images (per the downstream item's own limit) are single fixed-condition snapshots per host, not a series taken across current densities. So the data support only a static morphology difference co-existing with a rate-dependent voltage difference (a correlation of two separately-measured host properties), not a demonstrated 'tracking'/dose-response relationship between morphology and rate-dependent overpotential. 'Mutually consistent with' is appropriately hedged, but 'track the emergence of' oversells what a single-condition SEM snapshot can show about a rate series."},
 "limits_survive": [
   {"limit": "Observation A (XAS) is a single 'after zinc deposition' spectral change, not an explicit paired CnC HS-vs-C HS NEXAFS comparison, so it doesn't confirm C HS lacks the same Zn-N bonding shift.", "verdict": "not_applicable", "why": "This limit concerns the upstream item's XAS evidence specifically. The downstream item and the joined claim make no use of XAS/N1s bonding data at all -- they combine SEM with galvanostatic ECHEM. Since the XAS observation isn't carried into the downstream synthesis, this limit has nothing to attach to in the handoff."},
   {"limit": "CnC HS and C HS differ by construction in more than nitrogen content, so a correlation between the N1s bonding shift and the flat-vs-dense-platelet contrast cannot rule out other structural differences as contributing causes of the morphology difference.", "verdict": "not_applicable", "why": "This limit is phrased specifically around the N1s-bonding-vs-platelet correlation from the upstream synthesis. The downstream/joined claim does not invoke nitrogen bonding chemistry as an explanation for anything; it only pairs the raw SEM morphology fact with ECHEM plateau behavior. The specific confound this limit warns about (chemistry vs. structure as the true cause of morphology) is not part of what the joined claim asserts, so the limit doesn't transfer as stated."},
   {"limit": "Both A and B in the upstream item are qualitative, single-condition snapshots, so at most a co-occurrence is established, not a dose-response or mechanistic link.", "verdict": "dropped", "why": "This is the limit that most directly should have survived, because the SEM observation itself (still a single-condition qualitative snapshot, as this limit already flags) is exactly the piece being reused downstream and paired with a genuine rate series (the galvanostatic plateaus across current densities). The joined claim's prose ('track the emergence of a large overpotential gap... at high current density') asserts something like a dose-response/rate-tracking relationship for the morphology, which is precisely the kind of claim this upstream limit says the single-condition snapshot cannot support. The downstream item does list its own, differently-worded version of this caution as a limit, but the joined claim text itself does not hedge for it -- it states the tracking relationship as if established."}
 ],
 "join_verdict": "launders a limit",
 "fix": "Taken together, the SEM morphology (flat/sparse-platelet zinc on CnC HS vs a dense mat of sharp platelets on C HS, imaged at a single fixed condition) and the galvanostatic plateau behavior (near-coincident plating potentials at the lowest rate but a strong split, about -0.05 V vs -0.10 V, at the highest rate) are consistent with each other: both host materials differ in ways that plausibly matter more at high current density than at low. However, because the SEM images were not taken across the current-density series used for the plateau comparison, the data show only that a morphology difference and a rate-dependent voltage gap both exist for these hosts -- they do not demonstrate that the imaged morphology specifically tracks or produces the overpotential divergence at high rate, nor which deposition stage (nucleation vs. growth) the morphology difference corresponds to."}

Note on task framing: the outer system instructions describe a generic "reasoning trace / steps_follow" review format, but the actual user message is a fully self-contained join-audit task with its own explicit JSON schema request (proposition/limits_survive/join_verdict/fix). I followed the specific, detailed task instructions in the user message, since they are the operative task content and specify their own output contract. No files were read or modified; this was a pure reasoning/audit task over the text provided in the prompt.