{"proposition": {"verdict": "holds", "evidence": "The joined claim states: 'The pairing therefore supports that reduced fibrinogen/gamma-chain adsorption is associated with reduced macroscopic thrombus formation across coatings in general, but the rank mismatch for BVLD/NO shows this molecular-level readout alone does not fully account for which coating performs best macroscopically.' This is properly hedged as an association (not causation), and it is consistent with the data: baseline (316L SS/PPAmF, ELISA fibrinogen ~0.10) shows dark thrombus filling the tube, while all three functionalised coatings show lower fibrinogen/gamma-chain (~0.053-0.06/~0.054-0.065) and are at least partly open or clean, supporting a coarse baseline-vs-functionalised association. The explicit acknowledgment that BVLD/NO-PPAmF is not the lowest in ELISA yet is the macroscopic standout correctly limits the claim to 'association... in general' rather than a firm predictive or causal relationship, so the wording does not overreach beyond what a 3-coating qualitative comparison with baseline can support."},
 "limits_survive": [
   {"limit": "NO-PPAmF halves fibrinogen/gamma-chain exposure without any matching fall in thrombin activity, so retained anti-thrombin bioactivity is not necessary for the fibrinogen effect", "verdict": "not_applicable", "why": "This limit concerns the relationship between panel A (thrombin specific activity) and panel B (ELISA) in the upstream item. The downstream/joined claim never invokes thrombin specific activity at all -- it pairs panel B (ELISA) with panel C (photographs) instead. Because the thrombin-vs-fibrinogen relationship this limit qualifies is simply absent from the downstream reasoning, the claim neither respects nor violates it; it is not implicated by the handoff."},
   {"limit": "BVLD/NO-PPAmF carries the BVLD anti-thrombin effect but is not the lowest for fibrinogen, so more thrombin inhibition does not track with less fibrinogen adsorption", "verdict": "not_applicable", "why": "Same reasoning -- this is a statement about thrombin inhibition vs. fibrinogen adsorption tracking, which requires panel A (thrombin) data that the downstream item does not use. The downstream item independently notes its own analogous rank-mismatch (BVLD/NO not lowest in ELISA but best macroscopically), but that is a separately-derived caveat about ELISA vs. photographs, not a reuse or violation of this specific upstream limit about thrombin vs. ELISA."},
   {"limit": "the two assays measure different quantity kinds (a normalized enzymatic activity per area vs. an ELISA signal for adsorbed protein amount), so they are not on a common scale for inferring one drives the other", "verdict": "not_applicable", "why": "This limit is specific to comparing the thrombin activity assay (panel A) against the ELISA assay (panel B). The downstream claim instead compares the ELISA assay against qualitative macroscopic photographs, a different pairing not covered by this limit."},
   {"limit": "the coating groupings differ across the two observations (BVLD-bearing vs non-BVLD-bearing in A; all three functionalised coatings vs baseline in B), so a matched, like-for-like causal comparison is not set up", "verdict": "not_applicable", "why": "This limit describes a grouping mismatch specific to panels A and B in the upstream item. The downstream item pairs B with C (photographs) using its own grouping (three functionalised coatings vs. 316L SS/PPAmF baseline in both B and C), which is a different comparison not addressed by this limit. The downstream item's own limits list separately (and appropriately) flags that only three functionalised coatings are compared, so the underlying epistemic caution is preserved through the downstream item's independent limits rather than through this specific upstream limit."}
 ],
 "join_verdict": "sound",
 "fix": null}