{"proposition": {"verdict": "overreaches", "evidence": "The joined claim states: 'Put together, the two panels support that the surface ordering for platelet adhesion/activation matches the surface ordering for macroscopic thrombus occlusion, consistent with platelet spreading/activation being the mechanism behind the visible difference in thrombus formation, with the combination BVLD/NO-PPAmF showing the least of both.' The first clause (ordering matches ordering) is supported by the qualitative SEM-vs-photo correspondence described in Obs A and Obs B. But the second clause asserts a causal/mechanistic relationship ('the mechanism behind') from what is, by the downstream item's own limits, only a same-experiment correlation: 'cannot rule out that both readouts are parallel consequences of the same underlying anti-thrombogenic surface property rather than the platelet-adhesion pattern (A) driving the macroscopic thrombus outcome (B).' So the proposition states a cause where only an association/ordering is available -- classic overreach."},
 "limits_survive": [
   {"limit": "Both observations are qualitative SEM descriptions ... so the magnitude or significance of the ranking cannot be assessed from these panels alone.", "verdict": "carried", "why": "The joined claim stays at the level of 'tracks the same ranking' / 'least of both' and never claims a magnitude, percentage, or statistical significance for either the platelet data or the new photo data. The downstream item's own limits restate the same qualitative-only caveat for its pairing, so this caution is preserved rather than dropped."},
   {"limit": "Fibrin network formation and platelet activation are mechanistically coupled ... so the co-occurring reduction in both cannot be resolved into which change is upstream and which is downstream from morphology alone.", "verdict": "dropped", "why": "Literally this limit is about resolving direction between fibrin (upstream Obs A) and platelets (upstream Obs B), and fibrin data is not reused downstream, so on its face it is not_applicable. But its underlying epistemic principle -- that co-occurring morphological readouts cannot be resolved into a causal direction -- is exactly what is at stake in the new pairing (platelets vs. thrombus photos), and the joined claim violates that principle by asserting platelet activation is 'the mechanism behind' thrombus formation. The downstream item's own limit 2 says this direction 'cannot rule out ... parallel consequences,' yet the joined key text asserts directionality anyway. The general caution the upstream limit embodies is therefore ignored, not just the specific fibrin-coupling instance of it."},
   {"limit": "Neither panel shows a biochemical or enzymatic readout, so the pair does not itself demonstrate that BVLD acts via thrombin inactivation; that mechanism is asserted elsewhere, not shown by these two SEM comparisons.", "verdict": "not_applicable", "why": "The joined claim does not invoke thrombin inactivation or any biochemical mechanism for BVLD; it makes a different (also unsupported) mechanism claim about platelet activation driving thrombus occlusion, which is a distinct issue not covered by this specific limit's wording."},
   {"limit": "The comparison is across surface types (a fixed small set of conditions ...), not a dose-response or time series, so it supports an ordering across conditions, not a quantitative relationship.", "verdict": "carried", "why": "The joined claim keeps the comparison framed as an ordering across the same fixed set of surfaces ('surface ordering ... matches ... surface ordering') and does not introduce any dose-response or quantitative claim. The overreach in this joined claim is causal, not quantitative, so this particular limit is respected even though the proposition fails on a different axis (limit 2's principle)."}
 ],
 "join_verdict": "launders a limit",
 "fix": "Across the same set of surfaces, the SEM platelet pattern (many spread, dendritic platelets on 316L SS and PPAmF; fewer on BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF; only a few round, unspread platelets on BVLD/NO-PPAmF) tracks the same ranking seen in the tube photographs (dark thrombus filling 316L SS and PPAmF tubes; BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF tubes only partly open; BVLD/NO-PPAmF lumen and foil nearly clean). Put together, the two panels support that the surface ordering for platelet adhesion/activation matches the surface ordering for macroscopic thrombus occlusion, with BVLD/NO-PPAmF showing the least of both. This correlation is consistent with, but does not establish, platelet spreading/activation as the mechanism driving the thrombus difference, since both readouts could instead be parallel consequences of the same underlying anti-thrombogenic surface property."}

Notes on the audit process: I worked directly from the join description, the upstream item (bioactive_ma_spi_o16_o11_n25-n18), the downstream item (bioactive_ma_spi_o11_o15), and the joined-claim text as supplied in the prompt; no repository files were needed since all evidence for the ruling was self-contained in the task text. Key finding: the join carries forward only the raw Obs B (platelet SEM morphology) from the upstream item, not its inferential 'key' conclusion about fibrin-platelet correspondence -- so most upstream limits (1, 3, 4) are either carried or not_applicable to the new pairing. However, the joined claim's causal phrase 'consistent with platelet spreading/activation being the mechanism behind the visible difference in thrombus formation' reintroduces exactly the kind of unresolved-directionality overreach that upstream limit 2 warns against (and that the downstream item's own stated limits explicitly flag as unresolved), so the join fails on that basis.