{"proposition": {"verdict": "overreaches", "evidence": "The joined claim says the polarization data \"is qualitatively consistent with, and offers a mechanistic rationale for, the pronounced and sustained pH rise\" seen with Mg-Zn-Y-Nd. The 'qualitatively consistent with' part (a directional/ranking match between higher corrosion activity and higher pH rise) is supported by the evidence. But 'offers a mechanistic rationale for' claims more than an association across two different measurement types (a single potentiodynamic scan vs. a 22-day pH time-course) — no chemical species (e.g., hydroxide or Mg2+ release) or reaction pathway is actually measured or shown linking corrosion current to pH change. This is a textbook overreach: a causal/mechanistic account is asserted where only a directional correlation between two independent measurements is available."},
 "limits_survive": [
   {"limit": "The two sides are different kinds of quantities: A is a time-averaged immersion corrosion rate while B is an instantaneous electrochemical reading; ranking agreement does not establish quantitative correspondence.", "verdict": "carried", "why": "A (immersion rate) is not part of the downstream join at all — the join pairs B (polarization) with pH instead. The underlying timescale-mismatch concern reappears independently in the downstream item's own limits ('Polarization is a single-point/instantaneous electrochemical measurement... while pH is tracked as a cumulative time-course over 22 days... the two cannot be superimposed to derive a quantitative dose-response'), so the caution is preserved for the new pairing even though its original target (A) drops out."},
   {"limit": "Agreement in direction/ranking does not establish a quantitative correspondence between the polarization current density and the immersion mass-loss rate (no conversion or overlay is given, so the ~2-3 decade current gap cannot be equated to the immersion rate gap).", "verdict": "not_applicable", "why": "This limit is specifically about equating the polarization current gap to the immersion-rate gap (quantity A). Since the joined claim no longer invokes the immersion rate at all — it substitutes pH — this particular quantitative-equivalence caution has no target in the downstream proposition. Its spirit is echoed by an analogous, separately-stated downstream limit about polarization vs. pH, but the original limit's specific subject matter is absent from the join."},
   {"limit": "Neither observation nor their combination establishes the underlying corrosion mechanism responsible for the difference (e.g., pitting vs. uniform loss, film breakdown), only that both methods rank the two materials the same way.", "verdict": "dropped", "why": "This is the limit most directly relevant to the join, and it is dropped in the headline proposition. Upstream explicitly disclaims that the ranking agreement establishes any mechanism. Downstream then builds directly on the same polarization data and asserts it 'offers a mechanistic rationale for' the pH rise — converting an explicit 'no mechanism established' caveat into mechanism-flavored language in the joined claim itself. The downstream item's own limits list does separately note 'the connection is inferred, not measured,' but the proposition's own wording does not carry that qualification — it asserts a mechanistic link as though it survived the handoff unqualified."}
 ],
 "join_verdict": "launders a limit",
 "fix": "The polarization data showing Mg-Zn-Y-Nd's much less noble corrosion potential (near -1.5 V vs ~-0.25 V for 317L SS) and its 2-3 decades higher corrosion current agrees in direction with the pronounced and sustained pH rise (7.4 to ~10 by day 22) seen for Mg-Zn-Y-Nd, in contrast to 317L SS's more corrosion-resistant/noble signature and falling pH (to ~6.1). This directional agreement across two independent, differently-timed measurements (an instantaneous potentiodynamic scan vs. a 22-day pH time-course) does not by itself establish the chemical mechanism (e.g., hydroxide or Mg2+ release) connecting corrosion activity to pH change, nor a quantitative dose-response between corrosion current magnitude and the size or rate of pH change; it shows only that the two methods rank the materials the same way."}