Question as the solver sees it: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRF/service_capability that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A is not a raw measurement here. It is a result already established by an earlier step, handed to this step as settled:
  Putting the established phase-linked micro-strain divergence (Al2O3-YSZ, cubic phase, shows large per-interval orientation change of ~4.3-11 deg at 5 cycles falling to ~1 deg by 20 cycles, while YSZ, tetragonal phase, stays steady at 0.7-2.3 deg throughout) together with the crack-image evidence (Al2O3-YSZ's boxed band gains longer, linked cracks and a wide horizontal crack appears near the bottom after cycling) shows that the same coating exhibiting the large, decaying micro-strain signature is also the one that develops connected, propagating cracks, whereas the coating with steady low strain shows no such crack change. This supports a co-occurrence: the micro-strain evolution pattern captured by orientation-change tracks alongside visible microstructural crack damage within the same material -- a link neither piece shows alone, since the strain-rate data carries no crack/microstructure information and the crack images carry no phase or strain-rate context.
  The qualifications recorded on that earlier result:
    - Does not establish any mechanism by which the micro-strain magnitude or its decay causes crack propagation; both could instead stem independently from a shared underlying driver (e.g., phase instability or cycling stress) with no mechanism given for either link
    - The crack evidence is a qualitative, image-based description (cracks becoming longer and linked, a new wide horizontal crack) taken at a specific view/cycle point, while the strain evidence is a quantified per-interval rate spanning cycles 5 through 20 -- these are different kinds and windows of measurement, so no quantitative correlation between strain-rate magnitude/decay and crack growth extent can be drawn, only a qualitative co-occurrence
    - Only two coatings are compared, so this supports a co-occurrence between this sample pair, not a general relationship between micro-strain behavior and cracking behavior
    - Still carries forward the earlier result's unresolved gap: no mechanism is given for why the cubic phase (Al2O3-YSZ) would produce both the larger initial strain change and the cracking, versus the tetragonal phase (YSZ) producing neither

Observation B (None): Coupon intact at 5 cycles; corners spalled at 10 cycles; spalled corners persist and grow slightly to 40 cycles

How the graph links them: the earlier result concludes a claim that points to B's claim through a n12 -> n17 edge
Panels: F8

What the paper concluded, for your reference as the key's author:
  Al2O3-YSZ coating does not peel after 5 cycles but spalls most seriously between 5 and 10 thermal cycles

You are drafting an answer key, not answering a question.

Say what these two pieces of evidence, taken TOGETHER, actually permit -- and no more. The item
exists because neither one answers the question alone, so a key that could be satisfied from one
side is wrong.

A key that overstates is worse than a key that says a thing cannot be determined. "Not
identifiable" is correct and scorable whenever two candidate causes cannot be separated -- but only
stated together with the comparison that shows it.

Give:
1. the combining proposition: what follows from putting the two together. If nothing does, say so
   and set `combines` false.
2. its limits: what the pair does NOT establish. Include any confound -- two variables moving
   together by construction, a quantity set against a different KIND of quantity (a rate against a
   cumulative amount, a test temperature against a service temperature, an absolute against a
   normalized value), or too few points to support a relationship rather than an ordering.
3. `not_identifiable`: if two causes cannot be separated here, name them. Otherwise null.
4. the quantity kind on each side: rate, amount, cumulative or normalized, with units and window.
5. three labels:
   dependency: real if the conclusion needs BOTH observations, none if one suffices.
   inference_validity: "follows", "follows, weakly", or "does not follow".
   causal_strength: descriptive, associative, conditional mechanism, or discriminating.

Reply with EXACTLY the JSON object below and nothing else.

Your own instructions may describe a different output shape, with fields such as "question",
"answer_key" or "grading". **Do not use it.** You are not writing a trace item here; you are
drafting the key for one that already exists. A reply whose top-level object contains "question" is
wrong, however good its content, and will be discarded.

{"combines": true or false, "proposition": "...", "limits": ["..."],
 "not_identifiable": "..." or null,
 "quantity": {"a": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}, "b": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}},
 "labels": {"dependency": "...", "inference_validity": "...", "causal_strength": "..."}}