Question: Across the series reported here, does the first quantity below move with the second quantity below? Give the comparison and say what it implies.

Observation A (EBSD): EBSD orientation maps: lenticular bands take one uniform colour distinct from the matrix, whereas the wavy bands shade continuously with position; in the [01-10] specimen uniformly red {10-12} twins and shade-varying purple kink bands coexist
Observation B (TEM:SAED): SAED taken at the four marked points A-D across successive kink bands: the c-axis direction differs strongly between neighbouring bands (about 60, 180, 40 and 10 deg from horizontal)

Proposition: The EBSD orientation-map pattern (uniform single colour in lenticular {10-12} twin bands vs. continuously shading colour in the wavy bands, with both types coexisting in the [01-10] specimen) co-occurs with the SAED result that c-axis direction differs strongly and non-monotonically between neighbouring points across a run of wavy (kink) bands (about 60, 180, 40 and 10 deg from horizontal at points A-D). Together the two observations support treating the wavy bands as bands whose internal crystal orientation varies from point to point, in contrast to the twin bands, whose EBSD colour is uniform.

Limits:
  [0] SAED was sampled at only four points (A-D) along one run of kink bands, not densely enough by itself to distinguish a smoothly continuous rotation from a series of discrete stepped reorientations
  [1] SAED angles are reported relative to a fixed horizontal reference direction, not as a rotation angle relative to the surrounding matrix, so the two panels are not on a directly calibrated common scale
  [2] No SAED measurement is reported on the {10-12} twin bands in the same field for direct point-by-point comparison; the twin-vs-kink contrast rests on the EBSD colour uniformity alone, not on a matched SAED reading
  [3] EBSD colour mapping is a qualitative visualization of orientation, not itself a numeric angle, so the correspondence between 'continuous shading' and the SAED angle spread is established by spatial co-location rather than a direct overlay of the same quantity

You are auditing an answer key against the two observations it was written from.

For the proposition and for EACH limit separately, rule one of:

  holds       every quantity and direction it states is in the observations, and the inference it
              draws is available from them
  overreaches states something the observations support only weakly or in a weaker form -- a cause
              where only an association is available, a relationship where only an ordering is
  wrong       contradicts the observations, or cites a number or direction that is not there

Quote the observation you rule against. Where a statement fails, give corrected wording as close to
the original as the evidence allows.

Reply as JSON only:
{"proposition": {"verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null},
 "limits": [{"index": 0, "verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null}]}