Question: What does each of these two measurements establish on its own about STR/chemistry/composition, and what does putting them together add that neither gives alone?

Observation A (XPS): Deconvolved Co3+ component of Co 2p is larger in Co5Fe5 and Co5Fe3Cr2 than in Co and Co5Cr5
Observation B (EELS): Co L3 edge of Co5Fe3Cr2 and Co5Fe5 blue-shifted by 1.35 eV relative to Co and Co5Cr5

Proposition: XPS (Co3+ fraction of Co 2p) and EELS (Co L3 edge position) are two independent spectroscopic signatures of Co oxidation state, measured on the same four samples. Their agreement -- both show Co5Fe5 and Co5Fe3Cr2 elevated (larger Co3+ component; L3 edge blue-shifted 1.35 eV) relative to Co and Co5Cr5 -- cross-validates that the Fe-containing samples genuinely have a higher Co valence/oxidation state, rather than one technique's reading being a method-specific artifact (e.g., XPS peak-fitting/charging bias, or an EELS edge shift arising from a non-valence cause such as coordination or thickness effects).

Limits:
  [0] Neither observation, alone or combined, gives an absolute oxidation-state value (e.g., a Co2+/Co3+ ratio or formal valence number) -- only a relative ordering across the four samples.
  [1] The two measurements are different kinds of quantity (a normalized peak-area fraction from XPS vs. an edge-position energy shift in eV from EELS), so they cannot be combined into a single quantitative correlation -- only compared as concordant/discordant directional evidence on the same sample set.
  [2] The pair does not establish the electronic mechanism (e.g., charge transfer from Fe) by which Fe incorporation would raise Co valence; it only shows two independent measurements point the same way.
  [3] Because Co5Fe3Cr2 contains both Fe and Cr, the combined evidence does not by itself isolate Fe as the sole compositional driver versus a Fe-Cr combined effect; that discrimination, if it exists, comes from comparison with Co5Cr5, not from combining XPS with EELS.

You are auditing an answer key against the two observations it was written from.

For the proposition and for EACH limit separately, rule one of:

  holds       every quantity and direction it states is in the observations, and the inference it
              draws is available from them
  overreaches states something the observations support only weakly or in a weaker form -- a cause
              where only an association is available, a relationship where only an ordering is
  wrong       contradicts the observations, or cites a number or direction that is not there

Quote the observation you rule against. Where a statement fails, give corrected wording as close to
the original as the evidence allows.

Reply as JSON only:
{"proposition": {"verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null},
 "limits": [{"index": 0, "verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null}]}