Question: Across the series reported here, does the first quantity below move with the second quantity below? Give the comparison and say what it implies.

Observation A (CORR:immersion): Immersion corrosion rate of Mg-Zn-Y-Nd (0.13-0.38 mm/y, peak at day 7) stays above 317L SS (<0.07 mm/y) at every time point
Observation B (ECHEM:polarization): Polarization curves: Mg-Zn-Y-Nd corrosion potential near -1.5 V vs about -0.25 V for 317L SS, its branches 2-3 decades to higher current

Proposition: The immersion weight-loss/rate data and the electrochemical polarization data agree directionally: across two independent test methods, Mg-Zn-Y-Nd is consistently the faster-corroding/more electrochemically active material relative to 317L SS (higher immersion rate at every timepoint measured in mm/y; lower corrosion potential and 2-3 decades higher current in the polarization branches). Combining the two shows the ranking is not an artifact of one technique, since two different measurement principles converge on the same ordering.

Limits:
  [0] The two sides are different kinds of quantities: A is a time-averaged immersion corrosion rate (mm/y) measured over a multi-day immersion series (peak reported at day 7), while B is an instantaneous electrochemical reading (corrosion potential and current density) taken from a single potentiodynamic scan under controlled electrochemical conditions
  [1] Agreement in direction/ranking does not establish a quantitative correspondence between the polarization current density and the immersion mass-loss rate (no conversion or overlay is given, so the ~2-3 decade current gap cannot be equated to the immersion rate gap)
  [2] Neither observation nor their combination establishes the underlying corrosion mechanism responsible for the difference (e.g., pitting vs. uniform loss, film breakdown), only that both methods rank the two materials the same way

You are auditing an answer key against the two observations it was written from.

For the proposition and for EACH limit separately, rule one of:

  holds       every quantity and direction it states is in the observations, and the inference it
              draws is available from them
  overreaches states something the observations support only weakly or in a weaker form -- a cause
              where only an association is available, a relationship where only an ordering is
  wrong       contradicts the observations, or cites a number or direction that is not there

Quote the observation you rule against. Where a statement fails, give corrected wording as close to
the original as the evidence allows.

Reply as JSON only:
{"proposition": {"verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null},
 "limits": [{"index": 0, "verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null}]}