Question: What does each of these two measurements establish on its own about PRP/value, and what does putting them together add that neither gives alone?

Observation A (PL): PL band at 390-420 nm is strongest for TiO2, about half for Er0.5Ti-O and lowest for Er0.5Ce0.2
Observation B (ECHEM:EIS): Nyquist plot: Er0.5Ce0.2Ti-O shows a small arc (~1.5 kOhm) then a sloped tail; TiO2 rises almost vertically with no closed arc

Proposition: PL alone ranks radiative recombination across the three samples: strongest (worst, most recombination) for TiO2, about half for Er0.5Ti-O, and lowest (least recombination) for Er0.5Ce0.2. EIS alone ranks charge-transfer resistance for the two samples it covers: Er0.5Ce0.2Ti-O shows a small arc (~1.5 kOhm) with a sloped tail (low, well-defined charge-transfer resistance), while TiO2 rises almost vertically with no closed arc (very poor charge transfer, no resolvable resistance). Put together, the two independently-obtained rankings point the same direction for the two samples they share: TiO2 is worst on both the optical (highest PL) and electrochemical (no arc) measures, and Er0.5Ce0.2Ti-O is best on both (lowest PL, smallest arc). This convergence across two different measurement types is what neither observation gives alone -- PL says nothing about charge-transfer resistance, and EIS says nothing about radiative recombination.

Limits:
  [0] PL and EIS probe different physical quantities (radiative recombination via optical emission vs. charge-transfer resistance via electrochemical impedance); agreement in ranking is a consistency between two proxies, not a demonstrated mechanistic link between them
  [1] EIS as given covers only TiO2 and Er0.5Ce0.2Ti-O; Er0.5Ti-O's charge-transfer resistance is not reported, so the full three-way ordering seen in PL is not matched by a full three-way ordering in EIS
  [2] the pair does not establish that lower recombination causes lower charge-transfer resistance (or vice versa), only that the two move together across the two samples both were measured on

You are auditing an answer key against the two observations it was written from.

For the proposition and for EACH limit separately, rule one of:

  holds       every quantity and direction it states is in the observations, and the inference it
              draws is available from them
  overreaches states something the observations support only weakly or in a weaker form -- a cause
              where only an association is available, a relationship where only an ordering is
  wrong       contradicts the observations, or cites a number or direction that is not there

Quote the observation you rule against. Where a statement fails, give corrected wording as close to
the original as the evidence allows.

Reply as JSON only:
{"proposition": {"verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null},
 "limits": [{"index": 0, "verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null}]}