Question: Across the series reported here, does the first quantity below move with the second quantity below? Give the comparison and say what it implies.

Observation A (TEM:HRTEM): HRTEM lattice fringes of 0.233 nm labelled A(112) and 0.328 nm labelled R(110) in one field
Observation B (RAMAN): Raman: anatase Eg(1) near 145 cm-1 retained in all co-doped samples annealed at 700 C

Proposition: Taken together, the TEM lattice-fringe spacings (0.233 nm indexed to anatase (112) and 0.328 nm indexed to rutile (110) observed in the same field) and the Raman anatase Eg(1) mode near 145 cm-1 retained in all co-doped samples annealed at 700 C jointly support that the co-doped nanoparticles are anatase-rutile mixtures: TEM supplies direct structural evidence that anatase and rutile lattices coexist locally, while Raman corroborates that the anatase phase signature persists across the whole series at the 700 C anneal condition.

Limits:
  [0] The TEM observation is a single-field, single-particle (or small-region) image; it does not establish that rutile is present throughout the series, only that anatase and rutile fringes co-occur in the field imaged.
  [1] The Raman evidence confirms only the anatase Eg(1) mode across the series; no rutile Raman mode is reported, so rutile's presence across the series is not corroborated spectroscopically -- it rests solely on the one TEM field.
  [2] Neither observation gives relative phase fractions or a phase ratio, only qualitative co-existence (TEM) and persistence of one phase's signature (Raman).
  [3] The two are different measurement types (local real-space lattice imaging vs ensemble vibrational spectroscopy), so they cannot be combined into a single quantitative trend, only a qualitative corroboration.

You are auditing an answer key against the two observations it was written from.

For the proposition and for EACH limit separately, rule one of:

  holds       every quantity and direction it states is in the observations, and the inference it
              draws is available from them
  overreaches states something the observations support only weakly or in a weaker form -- a cause
              where only an association is available, a relationship where only an ordering is
  wrong       contradicts the observations, or cites a number or direction that is not there

Quote the observation you rule against. Where a statement fails, give corrected wording as close to
the original as the evidence allows.

Reply as JSON only:
{"proposition": {"verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null},
 "limits": [{"index": 0, "verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null}]}