Question: Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about STR/microstructure/distribution / PRP/value? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A (SEM:EDS): EDS map: C (blue) and Co (red) signals lie on particle surfaces, densest along edges and on some faces
Observation B (PHYS:sieverts): Second (diffusion-controlled) absorption stage lasts 66 min for C0 and 11 min for C10 at 360 C

Proposition: Together, the EDS map and the absorption-kinetics measurement support that the surface-localized C@Co distribution found in C10 (carbon coating on the alloy particles with Co grains dispersed in that carbon, densest along edges and on some faces) co-occurs with markedly faster diffusion-controlled hydrogen uptake in C10: the second (diffusion-controlled) absorption stage shrinks from 66 min in C0 to 11 min in C10 at 360 C. This is consistent with the surface C@Co layer shortening the diffusion-controlled stage, i.e. structure and kinetics track each other across the same C0/C10 comparison.

Limits:
  [0] Only two samples (C0 vs C10) are compared, a single two-point contrast rather than a graded series, so no dose-response relationship between amount of surface C@Co and stage duration is established
  [1] Observation B is a single-temperature (360 C) measurement of one specific stage (diffusion-controlled second-stage duration); by itself it does not show that the surface structure changes the earlier absorption rate or behavior at other temperatures
  [2] Observation A is a static, qualitative spatial map (no numeric amount of C or Co), so it cannot be regressed against the numeric 66 min vs 11 min difference; the link is associative co-occurrence, not a demonstrated causal pathway
  [3] Both observations come from the same two samples, so the surface-distribution difference and the kinetic difference are confounded with any other change introduced by the same carbon-addition/milling process that is not captured by either observation

You are auditing an answer key against the two observations it was written from.

For the proposition and for EACH limit separately, rule one of:

  holds       every quantity and direction it states is in the observations, and the inference it
              draws is available from them
  overreaches states something the observations support only weakly or in a weaker form -- a cause
              where only an association is available, a relationship where only an ordering is
  wrong       contradicts the observations, or cites a number or direction that is not there

Quote the observation you rule against. Where a statement fails, give corrected wording as close to
the original as the evidence allows.

Reply as JSON only:
{"proposition": {"verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null},
 "limits": [{"index": 0, "verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null}]}