Question: What does each of these two measurements establish on its own about STR/microstructure/distribution, and what does putting them together add that neither gives alone?

Observation A (SEM:BSE): SEM of the boxed region shows narrow cracks a few um wide
Observation B (EBSD): EBSD map of the same field has white non-indexed bands along the crack paths, much wider than the SEM cracks, with fine grains beside them

Proposition: Overlaying the two images on the same field shows that the EBSD non-indexed band is spatially wider than the physical crack opening seen in SEM: the zone that fails to index in EBSD extends beyond the few-um-wide crack itself, into material bordering the crack where fine grains are also seen. So together the pair establishes that the crack in the coating is flanked by a broader halo of non-crystallographically-indexable (structurally disturbed) material, not just the open crack surface.

Limits:
  [0] Neither image alone shows this halo: SEM only bounds the physical crack width; EBSD only shows a non-indexed band without a crack-width reference to compare it to.
  [1] EBSD non-indexing is a generic signature (it can arise from amorphous structure, severe plastic strain/lattice distortion, orientation gradients, contamination, or fracture-surface topography), so the width mismatch alone does not prove the halo is amorphous rather than another indexing-defeating cause.
  [2] The 'much wider' comparison is qualitative (no measured widths given for either the SEM crack or the EBSD band), so the pair supports an ordering (band > crack) but not a quantified relationship.
  [3] The fine grains beside the band could reflect grain refinement/recrystallization rather than, or in addition to, amorphization, and the two images cannot separate these.

You are auditing an answer key against the two observations it was written from.

For the proposition and for EACH limit separately, rule one of:

  holds       every quantity and direction it states is in the observations, and the inference it
              draws is available from them
  overreaches states something the observations support only weakly or in a weaker form -- a cause
              where only an association is available, a relationship where only an ordering is
  wrong       contradicts the observations, or cites a number or direction that is not there

Quote the observation you rule against. Where a statement fails, give corrected wording as close to
the original as the evidence allows.

Reply as JSON only:
{"proposition": {"verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null},
 "limits": [{"index": 0, "verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null}]}