Question: Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about STR/chemistry/bonding / STR/microstructure/distribution? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A (FTIR:ATR): A sharp 3700 cm-1 band appears on AZ31-OH; bare AZ31 shows no distinct band
Observation B (FTIR:ATR): PCL and PCL-LS show bands at 2944, 2865 (CH2) and 1723 cm-1 (C=O) of PCL

Proposition: Together, the two FTIR:ATR spectra show that alkali treatment gave the AZ31-OH surface a distinct hydroxyl signature (sharp 3700 cm-1 band, absent on bare AZ31) while the PCL and PCL-LS samples both retain the characteristic PCL bands (2944, 2865 cm-1 CH2; 1723 cm-1 C=O). Combined, this supports that the substrate was chemically converted to a hydroxyl-bearing surface and that the PCL matrix's own chemical bonds persist unchanged when LS is added, i.e. each material's chemical identity/bonding signature is confirmed separately.

Limits:
  [0] Both observations are single, surface-averaged FTIR:ATR spectra from separate sample sets (bare/treated AZ31 vs. PCL/PCL-LS films); neither is spatially resolved, so together they cannot speak to how uniformly the coating covers the substrate or whether the coverage is defect-free.
  [1] No shift, broadening, or new peak in the PCL region (2944, 2865, 1723 cm-1) or hydroxyl region (3700 cm-1) is reported that would indicate a new interfacial bond forming between the substrate hydroxyls and the coating; the data show each material's own bonds intact, not an interaction between them.
  [2] The samples compared for A (bare AZ31 vs AZ31-OH) are not the same samples compared for B (PCL vs PCL-LS), so the pairing does not directly test the substrate-coating interface itself.

You are auditing an answer key against the two observations it was written from.

For the proposition and for EACH limit separately, rule one of:

  holds       every quantity and direction it states is in the observations, and the inference it
              draws is available from them
  overreaches states something the observations support only weakly or in a weaker form -- a cause
              where only an association is available, a relationship where only an ordering is
  wrong       contradicts the observations, or cites a number or direction that is not there

Quote the observation you rule against. Where a statement fails, give corrected wording as close to
the original as the evidence allows.

Reply as JSON only:
{"proposition": {"verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null},
 "limits": [{"index": 0, "verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null}]}