Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels confirmed as described. F3c (upstream, panel A) shows PA/absorbance at 808 nm rising linearly with concentration (R²=0.9999, α=6.4 L g⁻¹cm⁻¹), an in-solution calibration. F4f (downstream, panel B) shows tumor PA signal over time after IV injection: 0.26→0.13(1h)→0.32(2h)→0.94(4h, peak)→0.60(6h)→0.31(10h).

The calibration in F3c establishes that PA signal is a linear, quantitative readout of agent concentration under controlled solution conditions — this is what licenses treating the magnitude of the in vivo PA curve in F4f as a proxy for relative agent concentration in the tumor over time, rather than as an uninterpretable instrument signal. So the upstream evidence does support reading F4f's shape (dip, then rise to a 4 h peak, then decline by 10 h) as reflecting a real accumulation-then-clearance kinetic profile, not signal artifact — that much the combination justifies.

What it leaves open: the calibration was performed in a simple solution, not in tissue, so it does not establish that the same linear A/L-to-concentration relationship holds unchanged in the optically complex tumor environment (scattering, blood, depth). It also gives no mechanistic account of why the in vivo signal dips at 1 h before peaking at 4 h and falling by 10 h — that pharmacokinetic/biodistribution behavior is not addressed by an in-vitro calibration curve.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Both panels were opened and inspected directly.

F3c (upstream, PRP/value): A/L at 808 nm vs. concentration is linear (R2=0.9999, slope alpha=6.4 L g-1 cm-1) — a clean Beer-Lambert calibration established in a controlled solution/cuvette measurement, confirming that absorbance (and by extension photoacoustic signal, which derives from absorbed light) tracks agent concentration monotonically and quantitatively over the tested range.

F4f (downstream, PRF/service_capability): tumor PA signal after IV injection rises from 0.26 (0h) to a peak of 0.94 at 4h, then declines to 0.31 by 10h, consistent with the printed values.

Combination supports: the calibration in F3c justifies treating the tumor PA signal time-course as a proxy for the relative amount of agent present in the tumor, so the 0-1-2-4-6-10h trace is reasonably read as accumulation peaking near 4h post-injection followed by clearance/washout, not merely instrument noise or a non-monotonic optical artifact.

What it leaves open: F3c's calibration was done in a homogeneous solution, not tissue — tissue scattering, depth, and heterogeneity are not addressed, so the PA values in F4f cannot be converted into absolute intracellular/tissue concentrations. Neither panel establishes the accumulation mechanism (EPR vs. targeting) or links concentration to any therapeutic/service outcome (e.g., photothermal efficacy) — only imaging signal is measured.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}