Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about STR/microstructure/porosity / PRP/value? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels are legible and match the stated data. F4a shows apparent porosity falling with temperature for all three series (S1 8.7→0.4%, S2 7.9→0.7%, S3 11.2→7.7%), and F5 shows Vickers hardness rising with temperature for all three (S1 9.3→15.6, S2 9.4→14.8, S3 9.0→14.1 GPa). The two trends are co-plotted against the same temperature axis and same sample series, so the combination supports a coherent microstructure-to-property story: as sintering temperature increases, densification (lower porosity) accompanies higher hardness, consistent with porosity reduction being a plausible driver of the hardness gain.

What it leaves open: the figures never plot hardness against porosity directly — both are shown only versus temperature, so temperature is a shared covariate and the porosity→hardness link is inferred, not measured directly. Also S3's porosity drop is comparatively modest (11.2→7.7%) yet its hardness still rises substantially (9.0→14.1 GPa), suggesting factors beyond porosity (e.g., grain size, phase changes) may also contribute, which this evidence cannot rule in or out. No error bars/porosity uncertainty for S1 lowest point is shown either.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
F4a confirms porosity falling with temperature for all three series (S1 8.7→~0.4%, S2 7.9→~0.7%, S3 11.2→~7.7%), matching the stated PHYS:porosity values, though the curves show S1 dropping sharply between 1500 and 1600°C while S3 declines much more gradually and never reaches low porosity even at 1700°C. F5 confirms hardness rising with temperature for all three series (S1 9.3→15.6, S2 9.4→14.8, S3 9.0→14.1 GPa), matching MECH:hardness, with S1 and S3 tracking closely up to 1600°C and S2's curve extending further (to 1700°C) at generally lower hardness than S1 at matched temperatures.

What the combination supports: within each series, as sintering temperature increases, porosity decreases and hardness increases in parallel — a co-occurrence consistent with densification (pore elimination) accompanying hardness gains, i.e., the two figures together are compatible with reduced porosity/improved microstructure being associated with higher PRP (hardness) as temperature rises.

What it leaves open: neither figure establishes a causal mechanism linking porosity reduction to hardness increase, nor rules out other temperature-driven changes (grain growth, phase transformation, binder/matrix chemistry, cBN content differences between S1/S2/S3) as the actual driver of hardness. The series also differ in composition/processing (different temperature ranges, different porosity floors), so cross-series comparison at a single temperature is confounded — S2 has lower hardness than S1 at 1600°C despite comparable porosity trends. No statistical or regression link (e.g., porosity vs. hardness scatter) is shown, so the strength or functional form of the porosity-hardness relationship is not quantified by these panels.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}