Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
The three panels are consistent with each other and support a qualitative link between platelet adhesion morphology and downstream thrombus outcome. F5a (SEM, static PRP incubation) shows numerous spread, dendritic (activated) platelets on 316LSS and PPAmF, fewer and rounder/less-spread platelets on BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF, and very few on BVLD/NO-PPAmF. F6b (tube cross-sections) and F6c (photos of extracted foils) after 2h blood circulation show the same rank order: 316LSS and PPAmF lumens/foils are fully dark with thrombus, BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF are partly occluded, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF is largely clean with little clot. So the combination supports the claim that surfaces promoting platelet spreading/activation in vitro (PRP assay) also promote greater thrombus burden under dynamic blood flow (service-relevant outcome).

What it leaves open: F5a is a static PRP assay while F6b/F6c reflect whole-blood flow through a tube circuit — different fluid, different shear, different exposure geometry — so the images establish correlation across the same five surface conditions, not a demonstrated causal/mechanistic pathway from platelet spreading to thrombus mass. No platelet counts, spreading quantification, or thrombus mass/area measurements are given, only qualitative images, and no statistics or replicate numbers are shown in these crops.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Panels viewed directly: F5a (SEM, platelets after 2h PRP), F6b (macro photos of tube lumens after circulation), F6c (photos of longitudinally-cut thrombus).

What I see: F5a shows a consistent gradient across the five surfaces in the same left-to-right order — numerous large, spread dendritic platelets on 316LSS and PPAmF; fewer, still mostly spread platelets on BVLD-PPAmF; fewer and partly round/unspread on NO-PPAmF; very few, small, mostly round unspread platelets on BVLD/NO-PPAmF. F6b and F6c show the same ordering downstream: 316LSS and PPAmF lumens/cross-sections are filled with dark thrombus; BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF are partially open/thinner thrombus with visible clean foil; BVLD/NO-PPAmF is largely clean/reflective with minimal red material.

This combination supports the claim that the surfaces producing less platelet adhesion/spreading in static PRP also produce less thrombus under blood circulation, and that the reduction tracks a consistent rank order across three independent, qualitatively concordant readouts (SEM, gross lumen photos, cross-section photos) for the same five materials.

It leaves open: whether platelet spreading is causally responsible for the thrombus difference versus both being downstream of another shared factor (e.g., NO/BVLD release affecting coagulation independently); no quantitative counts/statistics are shown, only qualitative/visual comparison; and the PRP static assay and the flowing-blood circulation model are different conditions, so correspondence between them is associative, not demonstrated as mechanistic.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}