Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRP/value? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels verified by direct reading.

F3 (polarization curves, in SBF): confirms claim A precisely — Mg-Zn-Y-Nd Ecorr = -1.49 V vs 317L SS Ecorr = -0.25 V (~1.25 V apart, matching "near -1.5 V vs about -0.25 V"), with Icorr 24.93 µA/cm² for Mg-Zn-Y-Nd vs 0.017 µA/cm² for 317L SS — roughly a 1,500x (~3-decade) difference in corrosion current, matching "2-3 decades to higher current."

F5a (pH, panel A, in Hank's solution): Mg-Zn-Y-Nd rises from ~7.4 to ~10 and plateaus (plateau visibly begins around day 16-18, flat through day 30, consistent with "~10 by day 22"). Blank control peaks ~8.4 (days 3-8) then falls to ~7.5-7.6 by day 30. 317L SS falls to a minimum ~6.1 near day 20, then partially recovers to ~7.1 by day 30 — all matching claim B.

What the combination supports: qualitatively, the much lower Ecorr and higher Icorr of Mg-Zn-Y-Nd versus 317L SS is consistent with far more active corrosion, and separately its solution shows strong, sustained alkalization while 317L SS's solution acidifies — a directionally coherent pairing (active Mg corrosion releasing hydroxide vs. more inert/passive SS behavior).

What it leaves open: the polarization data are from SBF while the pH data are from Hank's solution — different fluids, not the same experiment — so the two datasets are only analogically linked, not a demonstrated causal chain within one test. No quantitative link (e.g., corrosion current converted to expected OH- production/pH shift) is given.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
The polarization curves (F3) show Mg-Zn-Y-Nd corroding at Ecorr ≈ -1.49 V versus -0.25 V for 317L SS, with the Mg alloy's branch running 2-3 decades higher in current — a clear, single-timepoint electrochemical signature that Mg-Zn-Y-Nd is far more anodically active/reactive than the SS. The pH trace (F5a) shows Mg-Zn-Y-Nd climbing steadily from 7.4 to ~10 by day ~22 then plateauing, while 317L SS instead falls to ~6.1 by day 20, and the blank control rises modestly then relaxes back toward baseline.

Together these support the qualitative link: the Mg alloy's much greater electrochemical activity (consistent with active corrosion/hydrogen evolution consuming protons and generating hydroxide) plausibly drives its sustained alkalization, while the comparatively noble, low-current SS shows no such rise and instead trends acidic. So the direction of the two datasets is mutually consistent.

Left open: polarization is a short, single-point measurement and cannot by itself account for the pH curve's specific time course (the plateau near day 22, or SS's rise-then-fall-to-6.1 pattern). No stoichiometric or mechanistic link (corrosion current → OH- flux → measured pH) is quantified. Also, F3 is stated as SBF while F5a's caption names Hank's solution — if these are different media, cross-referencing electrochemical activity to the pH trend assumes comparable behavior across solutions, which the panels don't establish.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}