Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
All four panels opened and match the cited data. F5d/e (bar charts, ELISA on PRP) show total fibrinogen and its γ-chain roughly halved on BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF versus 316LSS/PPAmF (***), with BVLD/NO-PPAmF's bar not the lowest of the three—consistent with claim A. F6b/c (macro photos, whole-blood circulation) show 316LSS and PPAmF fully dark/occluded, BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF only partly open/clean, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF lumen and foil nearly clean—consistent with claim B.

The upstream fibrinogen data support the general claim that all three surface functionalizations suppress fibrinogen adsorption/activation relative to bare 316LSS/PPAmF, which plausibly contributes to reduced thrombus formation downstream. But the upstream assay gives no basis for the downstream ranking: fibrinogen reduction is essentially equal (even slightly least favorable numerically) for the combined BVLD/NO surface, whereas the whole-blood thrombus photos show BVLD/NO-PPAmF as visibly the cleanest, with BVLD- and NO-PPAmF alone only partially patent. So the combination's superior macroscopic anti-thrombogenic performance is not accounted for by the fibrinogen-adsorption data—it must come from mechanisms outside this assay (e.g., combined effects on platelets/coagulation under flow, not measured here). The link is qualitative/directional only; the graded PRF-level outcome is left open.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Upstream ELISA (F5D total fibrinogen, F5E gamma-chain) shows all three functionalized coatings — BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF — sit at roughly half the value of 316LSS/PPAmF, with the significance bracket (***) drawn between the bare pair and the functionalized trio as a group; there is no significant separation among the three functionalized bars, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF is not the lowest (in D it is marginally highest of the three, with the widest error bar).

Downstream, the macro photos (F6B tube lumens, F6C thrombus on foil) show a clear gradient: 316LSS and PPAmF are solidly clotted; BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF are only partly open/partly clot-covered; BVLD/NO-PPAmF alone is essentially clean.

Combination supports: reduced fibrinogen adsorption/activation is a plausible shared mechanism explaining why all three functionalized coatings resist thrombus better than bare 316LSS/PPAmF — the ELISA and photo evidence agree on that binary contrast.

What it leaves open: the ELISA gives no basis for the graded difference among the three actives themselves. Since BVLD/NO-PPAmF's fibrinogen/gamma-chain values are statistically indistinguishable from (or slightly above) the single-agent coatings, the visibly superior patency of the dual coating is not accounted for by this fibrinogen assay and must arise from some other, unmeasured mechanism (e.g., combined effects on platelets or coagulation further downstream).

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}