Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
All four panels viewed directly.

F5d/F5e (ELISA bars): total fibrinogen and gamma-chain both drop roughly by half on BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF and BVLD/NO-PPAmF relative to 316LSS/PPAmF (single *** bracket separates the group of three from the group of two), matching claim A. Within the three functionalized coatings the bars overlap in error range — BVLD/NO-PPAmF is not the lowest; its mean (~0.06) is if anything marginally higher than BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF alone.

F6b/F6c (macro photos): 316LSS and PPAmF lumens/foils are dark and fully thrombus-filled; BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF are partly open with residual clot; BVLD/NO-PPAmF is the cleanest — lumen largely clear, foil largely unstained. This matches claim B, and here the combination coating does look best.

Combined support: the ELISA data justify the conclusion that functionalization (any of the three) suppresses fibrinogen adsorption/activation to roughly the same reduced level, and this is consistent in direction with the macro observation that functionalized coatings resist thrombus better than bare 316LSS/PPAmF. What it leaves open: fibrinogen level alone does not explain why BVLD/NO-PPAmF is macroscopically the cleanest, since it is not the lowest (or even tied-lowest) on fibrinogen/gamma-chain. Some additional mechanism (e.g., synergy between BVLD's anticoagulant action and NO release) beyond fibrinogen adsorption/activation must account for the combination's superior macro patency — this is not demonstrated by the ELISA data shown.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Findings after opening all four panels (F5d, F5e, F6b, F6c):

F5d/F5e show a two-tier pattern: total fibrinogen and its gamma-chain drop by roughly half on all three functionalized coatings (BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF, BVLD/NO-PPAmF) relative to 316LSS and plain PPAmF, with the *** bracket spanning "316LSS+PPAmF" vs "the three functionalized surfaces" as one group — the three functionalized bars are statistically indistinguishable from each other (overlapping error bars, no separating asterisks).

F6b/F6c show a three-tier pattern: 316LSS and PPAmF lumens/foils are fully packed with dark thrombus; BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF are partly open with residual clot; BVLD/NO-PPAmF is nearly clean in both cross-section and thrombus photo — visibly better than either single-drug coating.

What the combination supports: the upstream fibrinogen/gamma-chain reduction is sufficient to account for the coarse, categorical split in the downstream photos — why any functionalized coating (single- or dual-drug) outperforms bare 316LSS/PPAmF, which show no fibrinogen suppression and are the only tubes fully occluded.

What it leaves open: the assay does not explain the finer gradient among the three functionalized surfaces. Because BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF are not statistically distinguished on total fibrinogen or gamma-chain content, this evidence cannot account for why BVLD/NO-PPAmF's lumen/foil is visibly cleaner than the two single-agent coatings in F6b/F6c. That graded improvement from combining BVLD and NO must rest on some other mechanism not captured by these two ELISA readouts — the upstream data are silent on it.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}