Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels are consistent with, and directly support, the upstream measurements A and B.

F7b shows six time-domain voltage traces for f-PENGs with 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 wt% PZT, with labeled peak voltages of 7.5, 12.5, 26.5, 32.0, 43.0, and 62.0 V — matching statement A exactly and confirming a monotonic rise in peak output voltage with PZT loading.

F7e shows load-dependent output for the f-P0.10 fiber film versus a cast film across a resistance sweep (10^6–10^9 Ω), with power (right axis, uW) peaking at 136.9 uW near 10^7 Ω for the fiber film and at 21.025 uW for the cast film — matching statement B exactly.

Together, the two panels justify the downstream claim that (i) voltage output scales with PZT content and (ii) fiber-film architecture delivers substantially higher peak power than cast film at matched resistance — i.e., fiber processing plus PZT loading improves piezoelectric energy-harvesting output.

What is left open: these panels alone do not establish *why* fiber morphology outperforms cast film (e.g., poling, crystallinity, alignment mechanisms), nor do they speak to durability, reproducibility across samples, or how this translates into device-level "value" or "service_capability" claims — that requires evidence beyond these two panels.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Both panels reproduce the cited numbers exactly. F7b shows peak voltage rising monotonically with PZT content — 7.5, 12.5, 26.5, 32.0, 43.0, 62.0 V for 0–10 wt% — confirming measurement A. F7e shows load-dependent power for fiber vs. cast film, with the fiber film peaking at 136.9 uW near 10^7 Ohm against a cast-film peak of 21.025 uW at a similar load, confirming measurement B.

Together this justifies: (1) increasing PZT loading raises piezoelectric output voltage across the tested 0–10 wt% range, and (2) the fiber-based PENG outputs substantially more power than the cast film, with an optimal external load near 10 MOhm.

What this leaves open: the data are transport/output measurements only — they say nothing directly about downstream "value" or "service capability" claims (e.g., practical device utility, durability, conversion efficiency, or performance under real operating conditions/duty cycles). No mechanism is shown for why fiber morphology or PZT loading produces these gains, no data exist beyond 10 wt% PZT or outside the tested resistance range, and no long-term stability or absolute-efficiency figures are given. So the evidence supports the voltage/power trends themselves but does not by itself establish broader service-capability or value conclusions beyond those trends.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}