Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels reproduce the cited numbers exactly. F7b shows peak voltage climbing stepwise (7.5, 12.5, 26.5, 32.0, 43.0, 62.0 V) as PZT content rises from 0 to 10 wt% for fiber-based PENGs at fixed 220 μm thickness — a clean, monotonic composition–output trend. F7e shows power vs. load resistance on a log scale: fiber film peaks at 136.9 μW near 10 MΩ before falling off at higher loads, while cast film peaks much lower at 21.025 μW over a similar range.

Together these support the claim that PZT loading and fiber (vs. cast) processing raise piezoelectric electrical output — both voltage magnitude and peak power at an optimal external load — i.e., they justify a PRF/service_capability claim about improved energy-harvesting output relative to composition and structuring, and a PRP/value claim about the specific voltage and power magnitudes reported.

What the evidence leaves open: it says nothing about mechanism (why fiber structuring outperforms cast at matched resistance), about durability/cycling stability, energy-conversion efficiency, or whether this power level is sufficient for any real downstream device (e.g., lighting an LED, charging a capacitor). Those service-capability claims would need separate data not shown in these two panels.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Both panels match the stated measurements exactly, so the upstream-to-downstream link is well supported for what it claims.

F7b shows peak output voltage rising monotonically with PZT loading (0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 wt%) as 7.5, 12.5, 26.5, 32.0, 43.0, 62.0 V — identical to measurement A. F7e shows load-dependent power for the f-P0.10 fiber film vs. the cast film across 10^6–10^9 Ω, with the fiber curve peaking at 136.9 uW at 10^7 Ω (10 MOhm) and the cast curve peaking at 21.025 uW near the same load — identical to measurement B.

Together this justifies two things: (1) increasing PZT content in the fiber-based PENG increases piezoelectric output voltage across the full 0–10 wt% range tested, and (2) at its optimal load (~10 MOhm) the fiber-film PENG delivers roughly 6.5x the peak power of the cast-film device, with both curves showing a rise-then-fall (impedance-matching) shape rather than monotonic increase with resistance. This supports a claim that the fiber morphology confers greater power/service capability than the cast morphology under matched-load conditions.

What it leaves open: no mechanism for why fiber outperforms cast is shown in these panels (only the output curves, not structural/impedance data); PZT content beyond 10 wt% is untested; power was only measured for the single f-P0.10 composition, so the voltage trend (A) and the power/load trend (B) are not shown as a joint function of composition and load together; and there is no stability/durability or absolute "value" metric beyond these two figures.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}