Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about STR/microstructure/distribution / PRF/qualification? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Panels confirm the two claims independently, but they are not causally linked to each other.

F5e (EDS, both aptamer-BSA@ZIF-8 samples): C, Zn, and N maps densely fill the particle outline; the P map shows only scattered, sparse dots within the same outline. This supports that P (attributable to the aptamer's phosphate backbone) is present but at much lower areal density than the ZIF-8-inherited elements — consistent with claim A that aptamer is incorporated onto/into the particles rather than being a bulk constituent. It does not demonstrate uniform aptamer distribution through the particle volume (a 2D EDS map, sparse P signal near detection limit) or quantify loading.

F7b/F7c (blood chemistry tables): ALT, AST, BUN, and CREA values at 3–14 days after tail-vein (IV) and subcutaneous injection of the aptamer-BSA@ZIF-8 materials all fall within the printed reference ranges, and the caption states H&E staining showed no noticeable histopathology — together supporting short-term hepatic/renal tolerability by these four standard markers, for both routes.

The combination supports that the aptamer-functionalized ZIF-8 particles (i) carry a detectable but sparse aptamer/P signal and (ii) do not produce overt blood-biomarker or histological abnormality over 3–14 days at either administration route. It does not establish that the microstructure/EDS finding causes or explains the biochemistry result — they are parallel, not mechanistically connected. Left open: aptamer loading quantification, longer-term or dose-dependent toxicity, sample size/statistics, and markers beyond this four-analyte panel.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
The upstream EDS evidence and the downstream blood-chemistry evidence answer two different questions and do not mechanically account for each other.

F5e shows C, Zn, and N filling the whole particle outline for both aptamer-BSA@ZIF-8 samples, while P appears only as sparse, isolated dots within the same outline — consistent with the caption's claim that C/Zn/N come from the ZIF-8 framework and P is contributed specifically (and sparsely, i.e., low-copy-number) by the conjugated aptamer. This is purely a compositional/structural characterization of the particle, confirming aptamer presence on/in the MOF.

F7b/F7c report ALT, AST, BUN, and CREA values at 3–14 days after intravenous or subcutaneous dosing of aptamer-BSA@ZIF-8, all falling within the printed reference ranges — supporting an absence of detectable hepatic or renal toxicity over that window, in both routes.

Together, the two datasets support that the aptamer-conjugated ZIF-8 construct verified by EDS was the material subsequently dosed and found non-toxic by standard liver/kidney panels — i.e., a qualified, aptamer-loaded particle with acceptable short-term systemic safety. But the EDS mapping does not explain or predict the biomarker result: it says nothing about biodistribution, dose, clearance, or why blood chemistry stayed normal. Left open: mechanistic link between composition and safety, histopathology/organ accumulation beyond blood markers, sample sizes/statistics, longer-term chronic effects, and whether P sparsity indicates low aptamer loading with functional consequences.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}