Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about STR/microstructure/distribution / PRP/value? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels are as captioned. F5e: for both the DNA- and RNA-aptamer BSA@ZIF-8 samples, C, Zn and N maps densely fill the particle outline, while P appears only as sparse, scattered dots within the same outline. F5d: the zeta potential bar chart shows BSA@ZIF-8 at roughly +25 mV, shifting to roughly -16 mV (DNA aptamer) and -14.5 mV (RNA aptamer) after aptamer modification — matching measurement B's numbers reasonably well (the printed caption gives +23.5, -15.7, -13.8, with a unit typo "eV" for mV; these read as approximate/rounded versions of the same bars).

Together this supports: (1) C, Zn, N are distributed throughout the particle consistent with a ZIF-8-derived bulk/framework, while P is present only sparsely and specifically in the aptamer-conjugated samples, consistent with attribution to the aptamer's phosphate backbone; (2) surface charge flips from positive to negative upon aptamer modification, consistent with addition of an anionic (phosphate-bearing) nucleic acid layer. The two measurements are mutually reinforcing — sparse P plus a shift to negative zeta potential both point toward aptamer/phosphate presence on the particle.

Left open: EDS mapping is qualitative, not quantitative — sparse P dots don't establish conjugation efficiency, quantity, or surface- vs. bulk-localization, nor rule out P from another source. Zeta potential shift is consistent with but doesn't uniquely prove the charge change is caused by phosphate specifically (other surface changes could also shift charge). Exact caption decimal values are approximate reads of the bar graph, not independently verified.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Panels confirm the reported measurements. F5e shows, for both the DNA-aptamer and RNA-aptamer BSA@ZIF-8 samples, dense C/Zn/N signal filling the particle outline while P appears only as scattered, sparse points within the same outline — matching claim A exactly. F5d shows a bar chart with BSA@ZIF-8 at roughly +25 mV, the DNA-aptamer sample near -16 mV, and the RNA-aptamer sample near -14.5 mV, consistent with claim B (note the printed caption's "+23.5eV to -15.7 to -13.8mV" uses "eV" as an apparent unit typo for mV, and its numeric values are close but not identical to the measurement values given — the panel itself supports the measurement values as stated).

Together, this is consistent evidence that aptamer conjugation adds phosphorus (from the nucleic-acid backbone) at low, spatially sparse abundance relative to the bulk ZIF-8/BSA framework, and that this conjugation coincides with a sign reversal of surface charge from positive to negative. The combination supports concluding that the aptamer is present on/in the particle and that its addition correlates with reduced/reversed zeta potential — i.e., a compositional change (P incorporation) co-occurring with a surface-charge change.

What it leaves open: EDS mapping is qualitative/2D-projected and cannot establish P is exclusively from the aptamer (it could include residual buffer or other trace phosphorus sources) or quantify aptamer loading; sparse P dots do not prove uniform aptamer coverage. Zeta potential is a bulk, ensemble surface-charge measurement and does not by itself demonstrate that the charge reversal is mechanistically caused by the aptamer's phosphate backbone specifically, only that it is temporally/compositionally associated with aptamer addition. No causal or structural link between the P distribution pattern and the specific magnitude of zeta potential shift is established by these two panels alone.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}