Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about STR/microstructure/shape / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
The three panels corroborate the stated evidence. F3d shows the CnC HS surface as a largely flat, dense deposit with only a few sparse protruding platelets/whiskers, matching claim A. F3e shows the C HS surface densely covered with numerous sharp, interlocking platelets, also matching A. F4a is the Coulombic-efficiency vs cycle-number plot: CnC HS (dark circles) tracks roughly 90-100% CE continuously out to ~205 cycles, while C HS (red-outlined circles) tracks similarly until it drops to ~75% near cycle 40, then to 0% near cycles 40-48, with no further points plotted after ~50 cycles — consistent with claim B.

Together, the SEM morphology and the CE trace support a coherent structure-performance link: the sparse, flat Zn deposit on CnC HS microstructure is associated with much longer, more stable CE (sustained to ~205 cycles), whereas the dense sharp-platelet morphology on C HS is associated with early CE collapse (by cycle ~40-48). This is a same-figure, same-paper correlation between the two host structures, plausible as a causal mechanism (sharp platelets promoting shorting/dead-Zn/dendrite failure) but not proven as causal by these panels alone — no intermediate diagnostics (e.g., cross-sections, dendrite-growth time series, or shorting confirmation) are shown here linking morphology directly to the CE failure mode. It also does not establish generality beyond this cycling condition (1 mAh cm⁻² at 4 mA cm⁻²) or rule out other differences between CnC and C hosts (composition, porosity, conductivity) as contributing causes.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
The SEM pair (F3d/F3e) and the CE plot (F4a) are internally consistent and support a direct structure-to-performance link. F3d (CnC HS) shows a comparatively smooth, largely flat deposit with only sparse, short protruding platelets; F3e (C HS) shows a dense, uniform mat of interlocking sharp platelet/flake features covering the whole field. F4a shows CnC HS (dark points) sustaining ~85-100% CE out to roughly 200+ cycles, while C HS (red points) tracks similarly only through ~35-40 cycles, then drops to two points near 75% and two points at 0% by ~48 cycles, after which no further C HS data are plotted.

This combination supports the claim that the flatter, less platelet-dense zinc morphology on CnC HS is associated with markedly better/longer-lived Coulombic efficiency than the sharp, dense platelet mat on C HS, and that the C HS cell's CE collapse (to 0%) coincides with, and is plausibly caused by, its more jagged/protruded deposit morphology (consistent with dendrite-driven micro-short or dead-Zn/side-reaction failure). What it leaves open: the SEM crops are single-timepoint snapshots (not explicitly tied to the exact cycle number of failure), so the images alone don't prove the morphology at the moment of CE drop, only a plausible morphological correlate; and no direct causal mechanism (e.g., internal short vs. corrosion) is shown in these three panels alone.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}