Property under test: the measured property value

Previous step established: Alkali treatment leaves a hydroxyl-rich Mg(OH)2 oxide layer on the AZ31 surface

Observations (BIO:disc_diffusion):
  [obs1] Clear inhibition halo around disc d on both E. coli and S. aureus plates; none around discs a, b, c

Proposition under test: Putting the previous step's result together with this evidence shows that the hydroxyl-rich Mg(OH)2 oxide layer that alkali treatment leaves on AZ31 (present in the AZ31-OH sample) is not itself antibacterial: disc b (AZ31-OH) shows no inhibition halo on either E. coli or S. aureus plates, matching untreated AZ31 (disc a) and PCL (disc c). Only disc d (PCL-LS coating) produces a clear halo on both organisms. So the antibacterial effect belongs specifically to the PCL-LS coating, not to the alkali-formed oxide layer.

Does this proposition compare quantities of DIFFERENT KINDS?

A comparison is only meaningful between quantities of the same kind. Mismatches to look for:

  charge capacity against discharge capacity
  a rate against an accumulated or cumulative amount
  a test temperature against a service temperature
  a yield stress against a fracture stress or a flow stress
  an instantaneous value against a time-averaged one
  a normalized value against an absolute one
  a value at one cycle, time or condition against a value at a different one

Rule `same_kind` or `mixed`. If mixed, quote BOTH quantities exactly as the proposition or the
observations state them, name the kind of each, and say whether the observations contain a
same-kind pair that could be used instead. If they do not, say so -- the correct repair is then to
state the mismatch as a limit rather than to swap in numbers that are not there.

Reply as JSON only:
{"ruling": "same_kind" or "mixed",
 "quantity_a": "...", "kind_a": "...", "quantity_b": "...", "kind_b": "...",
 "same_kind_pair_available": true or false,
 "fix": "corrected proposition" or null,
 "limit_to_add": "..." or null}