Question as the solver sees it: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about MEC/pathway that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A is not a raw measurement here. It is a result already established by an earlier step, handed to this step as settled:
  Taken together, the baseline two-phase lamellar architecture with sharp A/B interfaces (Observation A) and the asymmetric contrast that appears at the first strain step (Observation B) support that the alternating lamellar structure is the substrate on which strain is partitioned unequally between the two lamella types: one lamella type stays featureless while its neighbour develops mottled contrast and line contrast along the interface, i.e. the onset of plastic deformation is phase-selective and interface-localized rather than uniform across the microstructure.
  The qualifications recorded on that earlier result:
    - The pair does not by itself identify which of the two lamellae (A or B) corresponds to which phase, i.e. it does not establish from imaging alone that the featureless lamella is B2 and the mottled one is FCC
    - Does not establish the mechanism behind the asymmetry (intrinsic phase slip resistance versus interface/constraint effects)
    - Only two states are compared -- the undeformed baseline (F1c) and the first strain step (F3a) -- too few points to support a strain-dependent trend or rate of defect accumulation, only an ordering (before vs after first increment)
    - Does not establish whether the asymmetric pattern persists, intensifies, or reverses at higher strains beyond the first step

Observation B (None): Dense dislocation band labelled as pile-up along a lamella boundary

How the graph links them: the earlier result concludes a claim that points to B's claim through a n8 -> n11 edge
Panels: F4a, F4c

What the paper concluded, for your reference as the key's author:
  Dislocation pile-up at FCC(L12)/B2 boundaries, driven by lattice-mismatch internal stress, raises the yield strength

You are drafting an answer key, not answering a question.

Say what these two pieces of evidence, taken TOGETHER, actually permit -- and no more. The item
exists because neither one answers the question alone, so a key that could be satisfied from one
side is wrong.

A key that overstates is worse than a key that says a thing cannot be determined. "Not
identifiable" is correct and scorable whenever two candidate causes cannot be separated -- but only
stated together with the comparison that shows it.

Give:
1. the combining proposition: what follows from putting the two together. If nothing does, say so
   and set `combines` false.
2. its limits: what the pair does NOT establish. Include any confound -- two variables moving
   together by construction, a quantity set against a different KIND of quantity (a rate against a
   cumulative amount, a test temperature against a service temperature, an absolute against a
   normalized value), or too few points to support a relationship rather than an ordering.
3. `not_identifiable`: if two causes cannot be separated here, name them. Otherwise null.
4. the quantity kind on each side: rate, amount, cumulative or normalized, with units and window.
5. three labels:
   dependency: real if the conclusion needs BOTH observations, none if one suffices.
   inference_validity: "follows", "follows, weakly", or "does not follow".
   causal_strength: descriptive, associative, conditional mechanism, or discriminating.

Reply with EXACTLY the JSON object below and nothing else.

Your own instructions may describe a different output shape, with fields such as "question",
"answer_key" or "grading". **Do not use it.** You are not writing a trace item here; you are
drafting the key for one that already exists. A reply whose top-level object contains "question" is
wrong, however good its content, and will be discarded.

{"combines": true or false, "proposition": "...", "limits": ["..."],
 "not_identifiable": "..." or null,
 "quantity": {"a": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}, "b": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}},
 "labels": {"dependency": "...", "inference_validity": "...", "causal_strength": "..."}}