Question as the solver sees it: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about MEC/pathway that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A is not a raw measurement here. It is a result already established by an earlier step, handed to this step as settled:
  Taken together, Observation A (one lamella featureless while its neighbour shows mottled contrast plus line contrast along the interface at the first strain step) and Observation B (a dense dislocation band identified as a pile-up along a lamella boundary) support a progression: dislocation activity that first appears as mottled/line contrast in one lamella develops, with further loading, into a dense pile-up banked against the lamella boundary, while the neighbouring lamella remains contrast-free throughout.
  The qualifications recorded on that earlier result:
    - Neither the strain level at which Observation B was imaged nor a quantitative dislocation density is given by the panels themselves, so the two images establish a qualitative sequence, not a measured rate of dislocation accumulation
    - The panels do not by themselves confirm that Observation A and Observation B were taken on the same lamella pair/location, so continuity between the mottled-contrast stage and the pile-up stage is inferred from the graph link (n8->n9), not shown directly in a single field of view
    - Phase identity of the featureless lamella (i.e., that it is B2 rather than some other dislocation-poor region) is not established by the micrographs alone

Observation B (None): Hardening rate drops from ~85 to ~14 GPa by 0.009, falls slowly to ~5 GPa by 0.058, then turns negative

How the graph links them: the earlier result concludes a claim that points to B's claim through a n9 -> n15 edge
Panels: F2b

What the paper concluded, for your reference as the key's author:
  Hardening stages follow substructure: FCC-only planar slip (I), FCC dislocation accumulation (II), B2 slip and interphase strain localisation (III)

You are drafting an answer key, not answering a question.

Say what these two pieces of evidence, taken TOGETHER, actually permit -- and no more. The item
exists because neither one answers the question alone, so a key that could be satisfied from one
side is wrong.

A key that overstates is worse than a key that says a thing cannot be determined. "Not
identifiable" is correct and scorable whenever two candidate causes cannot be separated -- but only
stated together with the comparison that shows it.

Give:
1. the combining proposition: what follows from putting the two together. If nothing does, say so
   and set `combines` false.
2. its limits: what the pair does NOT establish. Include any confound -- two variables moving
   together by construction, a quantity set against a different KIND of quantity (a rate against a
   cumulative amount, a test temperature against a service temperature, an absolute against a
   normalized value), or too few points to support a relationship rather than an ordering.
3. `not_identifiable`: if two causes cannot be separated here, name them. Otherwise null.
4. the quantity kind on each side: rate, amount, cumulative or normalized, with units and window.
5. three labels:
   dependency: real if the conclusion needs BOTH observations, none if one suffices.
   inference_validity: "follows", "follows, weakly", or "does not follow".
   causal_strength: descriptive, associative, conditional mechanism, or discriminating.

Reply with EXACTLY the JSON object below and nothing else.

Your own instructions may describe a different output shape, with fields such as "question",
"answer_key" or "grading". **Do not use it.** You are not writing a trace item here; you are
drafting the key for one that already exists. A reply whose top-level object contains "question" is
wrong, however good its content, and will be discarded.

{"combines": true or false, "proposition": "...", "limits": ["..."],
 "not_identifiable": "..." or null,
 "quantity": {"a": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}, "b": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}},
 "labels": {"dependency": "...", "inference_validity": "...", "causal_strength": "..."}}