Question as the solver sees it: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/behavior_class that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A is not a raw measurement here. It is a result already established by an earlier step, handed to this step as settled:
  No combined proposition follows. Observation A (XRD, F2c) is a temperature-series result showing the hBN marker near 26 deg appears at 1500 and 1600 C but is absent at 1400 C, which by itself supports a phase-transformation-onset conclusion. Observation B (SEM, F7a) is a single micrograph of the boxed cBN-grain/SiAlON (S1) region showing cleaved facets and no gaps at the boundaries, which by itself supports a good-bonding conclusion for S1. The two panels do not share a common specimen or a common variable (one is a temperature series without stated sample identity, the other is a single-temperature, single-sample micrograph), so nothing about a link between hBN formation and interface bonding quality follows from putting them together.
  The qualifications recorded on that earlier result:
    - F2c does not state which composite (S1/S2/S3) is being scanned at each temperature step, so it cannot be tied to the S1 region shown in F7a
    - F7a shows only the S1 (SiAlON) boundary region; it does not show the S2 or S3 interfaces where the paper reports weak bonding, so no interface comparison exists at the site(s) where hBN would form
    - no panel shown here depicts the interface microstructure of the same region/specimen where the hBN peak appears, so the images cannot confirm that hBN formation is what changes the interface
    - the two observations are of different kinds (a categorical peak-presence series over temperature vs. a single qualitative micrograph snapshot with no temperature axis), so they cannot be plotted against or checked one against the other

Observation B (None): Panel (b): a protruding cBN grain beside a deep ~2 um socket; Al2O3 grains show clean faceted faces

How the graph links them: the earlier result concludes a claim that points to B's claim through a n9 -> n11 edge
Panels: F7b

What the paper concluded, for your reference as the key's author:
  Fracture mode: S1 mixed trans/intergranular; S2 intergranular along cBN/Al2O3 interfaces; S3 through the binder with pullout

You are drafting an answer key, not answering a question.

Say what these two pieces of evidence, taken TOGETHER, actually permit -- and no more. The item
exists because neither one answers the question alone, so a key that could be satisfied from one
side is wrong.

A key that overstates is worse than a key that says a thing cannot be determined. "Not
identifiable" is correct and scorable whenever two candidate causes cannot be separated -- but only
stated together with the comparison that shows it.

Give:
1. the combining proposition: what follows from putting the two together. If nothing does, say so
   and set `combines` false.
2. its limits: what the pair does NOT establish. Include any confound -- two variables moving
   together by construction, a quantity set against a different KIND of quantity (a rate against a
   cumulative amount, a test temperature against a service temperature, an absolute against a
   normalized value), or too few points to support a relationship rather than an ordering.
3. `not_identifiable`: if two causes cannot be separated here, name them. Otherwise null.
4. the quantity kind on each side: rate, amount, cumulative or normalized, with units and window.
5. three labels:
   dependency: real if the conclusion needs BOTH observations, none if one suffices.
   inference_validity: "follows", "follows, weakly", or "does not follow".
   causal_strength: descriptive, associative, conditional mechanism, or discriminating.

Reply with EXACTLY the JSON object below and nothing else.

Your own instructions may describe a different output shape, with fields such as "question",
"answer_key" or "grading". **Do not use it.** You are not writing a trace item here; you are
drafting the key for one that already exists. A reply whose top-level object contains "question" is
wrong, however good its content, and will be discarded.

{"combines": true or false, "proposition": "...", "limits": ["..."],
 "not_identifiable": "..." or null,
 "quantity": {"a": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}, "b": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}},
 "labels": {"dependency": "...", "inference_validity": "...", "causal_strength": "..."}}