Question as the solver sees it: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about MEC/pathway that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A is not a raw measurement here. It is a result already established by an earlier step, handed to this step as settled:
  The as-cast alloy is confirmed (by XRD) to contain two ordered phases (L12 and B2), and at the first strain step the TEM pair shows one lamella remaining featureless while its neighbor develops mottled contrast plus line contrast along the interface -- together indicating that the two-phase system responds asymmetrically to strain, with one lamella type acquiring visible internal contrast and the other not.
  The qualifications recorded on that earlier result:
    - XRD is a bulk, spatially unresolved measurement of phase content across the as-cast sample; it does not identify which specific TEM lamella is which phase
    - The TEM observation as given is a morphological/contrast description (featureless vs mottled/line contrast), not a phase-indexed (e.g., diffraction-pattern-confirmed) identification of each lamella
    - Only one strain step and one lamella pair are described, so the asymmetry is not shown to be general across the microstructure
    - No count or areal fraction of dislocations/planar slip is given, so the comparison is qualitative contrast only, not a quantified defect density

Observation B (None): Hardening rate drops from ~85 to ~14 GPa by 0.009, falls slowly to ~5 GPa by 0.058, then turns negative

How the graph links them: the earlier result concludes a claim that points to B's claim through a n8 -> n15 edge
Panels: F2b

What the paper concluded, for your reference as the key's author:
  Hardening stages follow substructure: FCC-only planar slip (I), FCC dislocation accumulation (II), B2 slip and interphase strain localisation (III)

You are drafting an answer key, not answering a question.

Say what these two pieces of evidence, taken TOGETHER, actually permit -- and no more. The item
exists because neither one answers the question alone, so a key that could be satisfied from one
side is wrong.

A key that overstates is worse than a key that says a thing cannot be determined. "Not
identifiable" is correct and scorable whenever two candidate causes cannot be separated -- but only
stated together with the comparison that shows it.

Give:
1. the combining proposition: what follows from putting the two together. If nothing does, say so
   and set `combines` false.
2. its limits: what the pair does NOT establish. Include any confound -- two variables moving
   together by construction, a quantity set against a different KIND of quantity (a rate against a
   cumulative amount, a test temperature against a service temperature, an absolute against a
   normalized value), or too few points to support a relationship rather than an ordering.
3. `not_identifiable`: if two causes cannot be separated here, name them. Otherwise null.
4. the quantity kind on each side: rate, amount, cumulative or normalized, with units and window.
5. three labels:
   dependency: real if the conclusion needs BOTH observations, none if one suffices.
   inference_validity: "follows", "follows, weakly", or "does not follow".
   causal_strength: descriptive, associative, conditional mechanism, or discriminating.

Reply with EXACTLY the JSON object below and nothing else.

Your own instructions may describe a different output shape, with fields such as "question",
"answer_key" or "grading". **Do not use it.** You are not writing a trace item here; you are
drafting the key for one that already exists. A reply whose top-level object contains "question" is
wrong, however good its content, and will be discarded.

{"combines": true or false, "proposition": "...", "limits": ["..."],
 "not_identifiable": "..." or null,
 "quantity": {"a": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}, "b": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}},
 "labels": {"dependency": "...", "inference_validity": "...", "causal_strength": "..."}}