{"ruling": "same_kind", "quantity_a": "Rietveld XRD fit quality (calculated pattern overlying measured trace, flat difference curve) reflecting agreement of the bulk-averaged unit-cell model with the ensemble diffraction data", "kind_a": "goodness-of-fit indicator for a reciprocal-space, bulk-averaged crystallographic model", "quantity_b": "0.36 nm (220) HRTEM lattice-fringe spacing measured directly and continuously across one particle", "kind_b": "real-space lattice-plane spacing (d-spacing) observed locally in a single particle", "same_kind_pair_available": true, "limit_to_add": null}

Reasoning: The proposition does not numerically equate the XRD residual/fit-quality with the 0.36 nm fringe spacing; it uses them as two distinct, technique-specific lines of evidence (bulk vs. local, reciprocal-space refinement vs. real-space imaging) that are said to be "consistent with the same unit cell." This is a legitimate cross-scale corroboration (the kind the instructions call NOT a mismatch), analogous to relating a yield stress to a particle density — two different quantities checked for consistency across the same sample, not two quantities of the same superficial type (e.g., capacity vs. capacity, rate vs. accumulated amount) being conflated as identical. No numeric values are set against each other as if interchangeable.

Note: a genuine same-kind pair does exist in principle — the XRD-refined d(220) lattice spacing (in nm, derivable from the fitted unit-cell parameters) versus the HRTEM-measured 0.36 nm (220) fringe spacing — both would be real-space/d-spacing quantities in nm. The proposition does not use this direct numeric comparison (it cites only the qualitative "flat difference curve," not a refined d(220) value), so this same-kind pair is available in the underlying data but not the one actually invoked by the proposition's reasoning. Since the proposition's own comparison is between fit-quality and fringe-spacing evidence (a legitimate multi-scale corroboration, already qualified by Limits [1] and [2] about bulk-vs-single-particle scope), no additional "mixed-kind" limit is needed.