Question: What does each of these two measurements establish on its own about PRP/value, and what does putting them together add that neither gives alone?

Observation A (PL): PL band at 390-420 nm is strongest for TiO2, about half for Er0.5Ti-O and lowest for Er0.5Ce0.2
Observation B (ECHEM:EIS): Nyquist plot: Er0.5Ce0.2Ti-O shows a small arc (~1.5 kOhm) then a sloped tail; TiO2 rises almost vertically with no closed arc

Proposition: PL alone ranks radiative recombination across the three samples: strongest (worst, most recombination) for TiO2, about half for Er0.5Ti-O, and lowest (least recombination) for Er0.5Ce0.2. EIS alone ranks charge-transfer resistance for the two samples it covers: Er0.5Ce0.2Ti-O shows a small arc (~1.5 kOhm) with a sloped tail (low, well-defined charge-transfer resistance), while TiO2 rises almost vertically with no closed arc (very poor charge transfer, no resolvable resistance). Put together, the two independently-obtained rankings point the same direction for the two samples they share: TiO2 is worst on both the optical (highest PL) and electrochemical (no arc) measures, and Er0.5Ce0.2Ti-O is best on both (lowest PL, smallest arc). This convergence across two different measurement types is what neither observation gives alone -- PL says nothing about charge-transfer resistance, and EIS says nothing about radiative recombination.

Limits:
  [0] PL and EIS probe different physical quantities (radiative recombination via optical emission vs. charge-transfer resistance via electrochemical impedance); agreement in ranking is a consistency between two proxies, not a demonstrated mechanistic link between them
  [1] EIS as given covers only TiO2 and Er0.5Ce0.2Ti-O; Er0.5Ti-O's charge-transfer resistance is not reported, so the full three-way ordering seen in PL is not matched by a full three-way ordering in EIS
  [2] the pair does not establish that lower recombination causes lower charge-transfer resistance (or vice versa), only that the two move together across the two samples both were measured on

Does this proposition compare quantities of different KINDS?

Be careful about one distinction, because getting it wrong is the common failure here:

  NOT a mismatch: a proposition that RELATES two different quantities -- a yield stress against a
  particle density, a domain size against a spectral feature count, a release rate against a surface
  area. Relating two different quantities across the same samples is what a covariation or a
  mechanism check IS. That is the item working, not an error.

  A mismatch: two quantities SET AGAINST EACH OTHER as if they were the same kind -- a charge
  capacity against a discharge capacity, a rate against an accumulated amount, a test temperature
  against a service temperature, a yield stress against a fracture or flow stress, an instantaneous
  value against a time-averaged one, a value at one cycle against a value at another.

Rule `same_kind` or `mixed`. If mixed, quote both quantities, name each kind, and say whether the
observations contain a same-kind pair that could be used instead. If they do not, the repair is to
state the mismatch as a limit, not to substitute numbers that are not there.

Reply as JSON only:
{"ruling": "same_kind" or "mixed", "quantity_a": "...", "kind_a": "...",
 "quantity_b": "...", "kind_b": "...", "same_kind_pair_available": true or false,
 "limit_to_add": "..." or null}