Question: Across the series reported here, does the first quantity below move with the second quantity below? Give the comparison and say what it implies.

Observation A (CORR:immersion): Immersion corrosion rate of Mg-Zn-Y-Nd (0.13-0.38 mm/y, peak at day 7) stays above 317L SS (<0.07 mm/y) at every time point
Observation B (ECHEM:polarization): Polarization curves: Mg-Zn-Y-Nd corrosion potential near -1.5 V vs about -0.25 V for 317L SS, its branches 2-3 decades to higher current

Proposition: The immersion weight-loss/rate data and the electrochemical polarization data agree directionally: across two independent test methods, Mg-Zn-Y-Nd is consistently the faster-corroding/more electrochemically active material relative to 317L SS (higher immersion rate at every timepoint measured in mm/y; lower corrosion potential and 2-3 decades higher current in the polarization branches). Combining the two shows the ranking is not an artifact of one technique, since two different measurement principles converge on the same ordering.

Limits:
  [0] The two sides are different kinds of quantities: A is a time-averaged immersion corrosion rate (mm/y) measured over a multi-day immersion series (peak reported at day 7), while B is an instantaneous electrochemical reading (corrosion potential and current density) taken from a single potentiodynamic scan under controlled electrochemical conditions
  [1] Agreement in direction/ranking does not establish a quantitative correspondence between the polarization current density and the immersion mass-loss rate (no conversion or overlay is given, so the ~2-3 decade current gap cannot be equated to the immersion rate gap)
  [2] Neither observation nor their combination establishes the underlying corrosion mechanism responsible for the difference (e.g., pitting vs. uniform loss, film breakdown), only that both methods rank the two materials the same way

Does this proposition compare quantities of different KINDS?

Be careful about one distinction, because getting it wrong is the common failure here:

  NOT a mismatch: a proposition that RELATES two different quantities -- a yield stress against a
  particle density, a domain size against a spectral feature count, a release rate against a surface
  area. Relating two different quantities across the same samples is what a covariation or a
  mechanism check IS. That is the item working, not an error.

  A mismatch: two quantities SET AGAINST EACH OTHER as if they were the same kind -- a charge
  capacity against a discharge capacity, a rate against an accumulated amount, a test temperature
  against a service temperature, a yield stress against a fracture or flow stress, an instantaneous
  value against a time-averaged one, a value at one cycle against a value at another.

Rule `same_kind` or `mixed`. If mixed, quote both quantities, name each kind, and say whether the
observations contain a same-kind pair that could be used instead. If they do not, the repair is to
state the mismatch as a limit, not to substitute numbers that are not there.

Reply as JSON only:
{"ruling": "same_kind" or "mixed", "quantity_a": "...", "kind_a": "...",
 "quantity_b": "...", "kind_b": "...", "same_kind_pair_available": true or false,
 "limit_to_add": "..." or null}