Question: Across the series reported here, does the first quantity below move with the second quantity below? Give the comparison and say what it implies.

Observation A (TEM:HRTEM): HRTEM lattice fringes of 0.233 nm labelled A(112) and 0.328 nm labelled R(110) in one field
Observation B (RAMAN): Raman: anatase Eg(1) near 145 cm-1 retained in all co-doped samples annealed at 700 C

Proposition: Taken together, the TEM lattice-fringe spacings (0.233 nm indexed to anatase (112) and 0.328 nm indexed to rutile (110) observed in the same field) and the Raman anatase Eg(1) mode near 145 cm-1 retained in all co-doped samples annealed at 700 C jointly support that the co-doped nanoparticles are anatase-rutile mixtures: TEM supplies direct structural evidence that anatase and rutile lattices coexist locally, while Raman corroborates that the anatase phase signature persists across the whole series at the 700 C anneal condition.

Limits:
  [0] The TEM observation is a single-field, single-particle (or small-region) image; it does not establish that rutile is present throughout the series, only that anatase and rutile fringes co-occur in the field imaged.
  [1] The Raman evidence confirms only the anatase Eg(1) mode across the series; no rutile Raman mode is reported, so rutile's presence across the series is not corroborated spectroscopically -- it rests solely on the one TEM field.
  [2] Neither observation gives relative phase fractions or a phase ratio, only qualitative co-existence (TEM) and persistence of one phase's signature (Raman).
  [3] The two are different measurement types (local real-space lattice imaging vs ensemble vibrational spectroscopy), so they cannot be combined into a single quantitative trend, only a qualitative corroboration.

Does this proposition compare quantities of different KINDS?

Be careful about one distinction, because getting it wrong is the common failure here:

  NOT a mismatch: a proposition that RELATES two different quantities -- a yield stress against a
  particle density, a domain size against a spectral feature count, a release rate against a surface
  area. Relating two different quantities across the same samples is what a covariation or a
  mechanism check IS. That is the item working, not an error.

  A mismatch: two quantities SET AGAINST EACH OTHER as if they were the same kind -- a charge
  capacity against a discharge capacity, a rate against an accumulated amount, a test temperature
  against a service temperature, a yield stress against a fracture or flow stress, an instantaneous
  value against a time-averaged one, a value at one cycle against a value at another.

Rule `same_kind` or `mixed`. If mixed, quote both quantities, name each kind, and say whether the
observations contain a same-kind pair that could be used instead. If they do not, the repair is to
state the mismatch as a limit, not to substitute numbers that are not there.

Reply as JSON only:
{"ruling": "same_kind" or "mixed", "quantity_a": "...", "kind_a": "...",
 "quantity_b": "...", "kind_b": "...", "same_kind_pair_available": true or false,
 "limit_to_add": "..." or null}