Question: What does each of these two measurements establish on its own about STR/phase/identity, and what does putting them together add that neither gives alone?

Observation A (XRD): XRD: broad carbon hump at 2theta about 20-28 deg and Co reflections near 44, 51 and 76 deg
Observation B (TEM:SAED): SAED: spotty rings indexed Co (111) and C (120)

Proposition: XRD's ensemble-averaged phase signal (carbon hump ~20-28 deg plus Co reflections at 44, 51, 76 deg, consistent with fcc Co) and SAED's locally-resolved diffraction from the actual imaged nanostructure (spotty rings indexing to Co(111) and C(120)) point to the same two phases. Together they show that the fcc-Co and poorly-ordered/graphene-like-carbon phases detected in bulk by XRD are the same phases present within the specific particles imaged by TEM, i.e. the bulk-averaged phase identification is corroborated at the local, single-structure level rather than being an artifact of averaging over a heterogeneous mix of separately-phase-pure regions.

Limits:
  [0] Neither technique alone nor combined gives phase fractions, particle/domain size, or spatial arrangement (e.g. core-shell vs. mixed) of the Co and carbon components.
  [1] Neither establishes the degree of graphitic order beyond 'poorly ordered'; that qualitative character is inferred from peak/ring broadness, not measured quantitatively.
  [2] SAED confirms phase presence only in the specific region imaged, which may not represent the whole sample; XRD's bulk average may include regions not sampled by SAED.
  [3] Neither observation addresses formation mechanism, oxidation state, or whether any minor secondary Co phase (e.g. hcp) overlaps with the assigned fcc reflections.
  [4] No quantitative comparability is possible: XRD peak positions and SAED ring indices are both categorical structural identifiers, not measured amounts or rates that could be cross-checked numerically.

Does this proposition compare quantities of different KINDS?

Be careful about one distinction, because getting it wrong is the common failure here:

  NOT a mismatch: a proposition that RELATES two different quantities -- a yield stress against a
  particle density, a domain size against a spectral feature count, a release rate against a surface
  area. Relating two different quantities across the same samples is what a covariation or a
  mechanism check IS. That is the item working, not an error.

  A mismatch: two quantities SET AGAINST EACH OTHER as if they were the same kind -- a charge
  capacity against a discharge capacity, a rate against an accumulated amount, a test temperature
  against a service temperature, a yield stress against a fracture or flow stress, an instantaneous
  value against a time-averaged one, a value at one cycle against a value at another.

Rule `same_kind` or `mixed`. If mixed, quote both quantities, name each kind, and say whether the
observations contain a same-kind pair that could be used instead. If they do not, the repair is to
state the mismatch as a limit, not to substitute numbers that are not there.

Reply as JSON only:
{"ruling": "same_kind" or "mixed", "quantity_a": "...", "kind_a": "...",
 "quantity_b": "...", "kind_b": "...", "same_kind_pair_available": true or false,
 "limit_to_add": "..." or null}