Question: What does each of these two measurements establish on its own about STR/microstructure/distribution, and what does putting them together add that neither gives alone?

Observation A (SEM:BSE): SEM of the boxed region shows narrow cracks a few um wide
Observation B (EBSD): EBSD map of the same field has white non-indexed bands along the crack paths, much wider than the SEM cracks, with fine grains beside them

Proposition: Overlaying the two images on the same field shows that the EBSD non-indexed band is spatially wider than the physical crack opening seen in SEM: the zone that fails to index in EBSD extends beyond the few-um-wide crack itself, into material bordering the crack where fine grains are also seen. So together the pair establishes that the crack in the coating is flanked by a broader halo of non-crystallographically-indexable (structurally disturbed) material, not just the open crack surface.

Limits:
  [0] Neither image alone shows this halo: SEM only bounds the physical crack width; EBSD only shows a non-indexed band without a crack-width reference to compare it to.
  [1] EBSD non-indexing is a generic signature (it can arise from amorphous structure, severe plastic strain/lattice distortion, orientation gradients, contamination, or fracture-surface topography), so the width mismatch alone does not prove the halo is amorphous rather than another indexing-defeating cause.
  [2] The 'much wider' comparison is qualitative (no measured widths given for either the SEM crack or the EBSD band), so the pair supports an ordering (band > crack) but not a quantified relationship.
  [3] The fine grains beside the band could reflect grain refinement/recrystallization rather than, or in addition to, amorphization, and the two images cannot separate these.

Does this proposition compare quantities of different KINDS?

Be careful about one distinction, because getting it wrong is the common failure here:

  NOT a mismatch: a proposition that RELATES two different quantities -- a yield stress against a
  particle density, a domain size against a spectral feature count, a release rate against a surface
  area. Relating two different quantities across the same samples is what a covariation or a
  mechanism check IS. That is the item working, not an error.

  A mismatch: two quantities SET AGAINST EACH OTHER as if they were the same kind -- a charge
  capacity against a discharge capacity, a rate against an accumulated amount, a test temperature
  against a service temperature, a yield stress against a fracture or flow stress, an instantaneous
  value against a time-averaged one, a value at one cycle against a value at another.

Rule `same_kind` or `mixed`. If mixed, quote both quantities, name each kind, and say whether the
observations contain a same-kind pair that could be used instead. If they do not, the repair is to
state the mismatch as a limit, not to substitute numbers that are not there.

Reply as JSON only:
{"ruling": "same_kind" or "mixed", "quantity_a": "...", "kind_a": "...",
 "quantity_b": "...", "kind_b": "...", "same_kind_pair_available": true or false,
 "limit_to_add": "..." or null}