Question as the solver sees it: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about MEC/pathway that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A is not a raw measurement here. It is a result already established by an earlier step, handed to this step as settled:
  Together, the two SEM observations support that both composite surfaces wear by abrasion (Observation B: parallel grooves along the sliding direction on both surfaces, no large craters), while the FA-containing surface b additionally shows shallower grooves covered with fine debris and no large crater (Observation A) -- consistent with the proposed pathway that dispersed FA moderates the severity of abrasive cutting (via a barrier/fine-debris effect) rather than the composite failing by adhesive wear.
  The qualifications recorded on that earlier result:
    - Both observations are qualitative SEM morphology (groove depth, presence/absence of debris and craters) from single images, not measured/quantified groove depth or debris counts, so 'shallower' and 'numerous' are visual impressions, not a compared metric
    - The panels do not analyze the composition of the fine debris, so they cannot confirm it originates from fractured FA layers rather than matrix wear debris
    - Only two specific features (surface b morphology; both-surfaces groove orientation) are described; the panels don't survey the whole worn surface, so full exclusion of any localized adhesive features elsewhere is not established from these two observations alone
    - The two proposed sub-mechanisms in the reference conclusion (FA blocking asperity penetration vs. fine debris rolling three-body to reduce cutting) are both consistent with 'shallower grooves + fine debris,' and the images do not discriminate between them

Observation B (None): Wear debris a includes flat flakes ~20-40 um; debris b is mostly fine particles <5 um with loose agglomerates

How the graph links them: the earlier result concludes a claim that points to B's claim through a p3 -> m2 edge
Panels: F11a, F11b

What the paper concluded, for your reference as the key's author:
  Uniformly dispersed FA stops asperities penetrating the subsurface; load-bearing FA layers fracture into fine debris that roll (three-body), reducing cutting

You are drafting an answer key, not answering a question.

Say what these two pieces of evidence, taken TOGETHER, actually permit -- and no more. The item
exists because neither one answers the question alone, so a key that could be satisfied from one
side is wrong.

A key that overstates is worse than a key that says a thing cannot be determined. "Not
identifiable" is correct and scorable whenever two candidate causes cannot be separated -- but only
stated together with the comparison that shows it.

Give:
1. the combining proposition: what follows from putting the two together. If nothing does, say so
   and set `combines` false.
2. its limits: what the pair does NOT establish. Include any confound -- two variables moving
   together by construction, a quantity set against a different KIND of quantity (a rate against a
   cumulative amount, a test temperature against a service temperature, an absolute against a
   normalized value), or too few points to support a relationship rather than an ordering.
3. `not_identifiable`: if two causes cannot be separated here, name them. Otherwise null.
4. the quantity kind on each side: rate, amount, cumulative or normalized, with units and window.
5. three labels:
   dependency: real if the conclusion needs BOTH observations, none if one suffices.
   inference_validity: "follows", "follows, weakly", or "does not follow".
   causal_strength: descriptive, associative, conditional mechanism, or discriminating.

Reply with EXACTLY the JSON object below and nothing else.

Your own instructions may describe a different output shape, with fields such as "question",
"answer_key" or "grading". **Do not use it.** You are not writing a trace item here; you are
drafting the key for one that already exists. A reply whose top-level object contains "question" is
wrong, however good its content, and will be discarded.

{"combines": true or false, "proposition": "...", "limits": ["..."],
 "not_identifiable": "..." or null,
 "quantity": {"a": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}, "b": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}},
 "labels": {"dependency": "...", "inference_validity": "...", "causal_strength": "..."}}