Question as the solver sees it: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about MEC/pathway that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A is not a raw measurement here. It is a result already established by an earlier step, handed to this step as settled:
  Together SEM (a: deformed, elongated relief with no clear boundaries; b,c: equiaxed grains ~2-4 um with grooved boundaries) and EBSD (a: equiaxed grains mostly ~0.5-1.5 um; c: equiaxed grains ~1.5-3 um) show that panel (a) is not genuinely undifferentiated/deformed as SEM alone suggests -- EBSD reveals it actually contains fine equiaxed grains (~0.5-1.5 um) that SEM's surface-relief/grooving contrast is too coarse to resolve as boundaries. For panel (c) the two methods converge on the same equiaxed, grooved-boundary microstructure with overlapping size estimates (SEM ~2-4 um vs EBSD ~1.5-3 um), cross-validating the coarser grain population by an independent method. Combined, the pair indicates feature size spans a fine population that only EBSD resolves (a, ~0.5-1.5 um) up to a coarser population both methods agree on (c, roughly 1.5-4 um overlap).
  The qualifications recorded on that earlier result:
    - Only panels (a) and (c) have both SEM and EBSD; panel (b)'s ~2-4 um estimate rests on SEM alone and is not cross-validated by EBSD
    - SEM detects boundaries via topographic grooving from etching while EBSD detects them via crystallographic misorientation -- different physical bases, so the numeric overlap in (c) is approximate agreement between two different kinds of measurement, not one measurement confirmed twice
    - The pair does not establish that SEM and EBSD imaged the identical field/area in panel (a), so it cannot rule out that the 'deformed' SEM region and the equiaxed EBSD region are not exactly the same location
    - Only three panels are given, so no continuous size-versus-state relationship is established, only an ordering across the sampled panels

Observation B (None): After full recrystallization grain size ranks F10d (~1 um) < F7c (~5-8 um) < F9c (~15-30 um, with twinned remnants)

How the graph links them: the earlier result concludes a claim that points to B's claim through a n24 -> n17 edge
Panels: F7c, F9c, F10d

What the paper concluded, for your reference as the key's author:
  The high stored energy of variable-temperature ECAP plus an instantaneous high-energy pulse lets recrystallization finish in a short time before grains grow

You are drafting an answer key, not answering a question.

Say what these two pieces of evidence, taken TOGETHER, actually permit -- and no more. The item
exists because neither one answers the question alone, so a key that could be satisfied from one
side is wrong.

A key that overstates is worse than a key that says a thing cannot be determined. "Not
identifiable" is correct and scorable whenever two candidate causes cannot be separated -- but only
stated together with the comparison that shows it.

Give:
1. the combining proposition: what follows from putting the two together. If nothing does, say so
   and set `combines` false.
2. its limits: what the pair does NOT establish. Include any confound -- two variables moving
   together by construction, a quantity set against a different KIND of quantity (a rate against a
   cumulative amount, a test temperature against a service temperature, an absolute against a
   normalized value), or too few points to support a relationship rather than an ordering.
3. `not_identifiable`: if two causes cannot be separated here, name them. Otherwise null.
4. the quantity kind on each side: rate, amount, cumulative or normalized, with units and window.
5. three labels:
   dependency: real if the conclusion needs BOTH observations, none if one suffices.
   inference_validity: "follows", "follows, weakly", or "does not follow".
   causal_strength: descriptive, associative, conditional mechanism, or discriminating.

Reply with EXACTLY the JSON object below and nothing else.

Your own instructions may describe a different output shape, with fields such as "question",
"answer_key" or "grading". **Do not use it.** You are not writing a trace item here; you are
drafting the key for one that already exists. A reply whose top-level object contains "question" is
wrong, however good its content, and will be discarded.

{"combines": true or false, "proposition": "...", "limits": ["..."],
 "not_identifiable": "..." or null,
 "quantity": {"a": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}, "b": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}},
 "labels": {"dependency": "...", "inference_validity": "...", "causal_strength": "..."}}