A chain of reasoning attached qualifications to its intermediate results. The question is whether the chain's final conclusion still respects them.

THE QUALIFICATIONS, in the order the chain attached them
1. [step 1] Does not establish why the two coatings end up with different zirconia phases (no mechanism for tetragonal vs cubic phase stabilization is given by these two observations)
2. [step 1] Does not quantify the fraction of tetragonal vs cubic phase present in either sample
3. [step 1] The absence of an Al2O3 reflection in both patterns does not by itself indicate where the Al went (e.g., amorphous aggregation at grain boundaries) -- neither observation addresses Al distribution, only that no Al2O3 peak appears
4. [step 1] Both observations are drawn from the same XRD panel (F1) on the same samples, so they are two levels of description (label vs. peak detail) of one measurement rather than independent lines of evidence
5. [step 2] Does not establish any mechanism by which crystal phase (cubic vs tetragonal) would produce the differing strain magnitudes -- A's own qualifications record that no mechanism for tetragonal vs cubic phase stabilization is given
6. [step 2] Does not quantify the tetragonal vs cubic phase fraction in either sample, so no quantitative relationship between phase fraction and strain magnitude can be drawn, only a qualitative co-occurrence
7. [step 2] Only two coatings are compared, so this supports an ordering/co-occurrence between the samples, not a general relationship between phase type and strain magnitude
8. [step 2] A is a categorical, single-measurement phase label from XRD peak positions/shapes (panel F1) while B is a per-interval rate measurement taken at specific cycle counts (panels F5a, F5b) -- these are different kinds of quantities, so the pairing is a co-occurrence across measurements, not a quantitative correlation on a shared scale
9. [step 3] B (n12) as given reports only on YSZ; it says nothing about whether Al2O3-YSZ's cracks changed, so the pair cannot be used to compare crack behavior between the two coatings, only to corroborate YSZ's own strain-stability claim
10. [step 3] B is a qualitative visual comparison ('looks unchanged') in a single field of view, not a quantified crack length, density, or count, so it cannot be set against the numeric orientation-change rates from A on a shared scale -- the pairing is a co-occurrence, not a correlation
11. [step 3] No mechanism is established connecting the tetragonal phase or the low orientation-change rate to crack-network stability; A's own qualifications already note no mechanism for phase stabilization is given, and B adds no causal link
12. [step 3] A single field of view and two time points (before/after five cycles) is too limited a sample to generalize crack behavior across the coating; this supports a spot-check consistency, not a general relationship between strain magnitude and cracking
13. [step 3] A's phase fraction is uncharacterized quantitatively, so no dose-relationship between degree of tetragonality and degree of crack stability can be drawn
14. [step 4] A's crack-network read (n12) reports only on YSZ; B's spallation account (per the coating identified as Al2O3-YSZ) is not established as being drawn from the same specimen or layer, so the pair does not show that the material whose cracks looked stable is the material that spalled
15. [step 4] A is a qualitative single-field-of-view comparison ('looks unchanged') at one interval (before vs. 5 cycles), while B is a categorical intact/spalled/grown event timeline sampled at three points (5, 10, 40 cycles) with no crack length, density, or strain measure attached -- the two cannot be set on a shared scale to show a dose- or rate-based relationship, only a sequence in time
16. [step 4] Only one time point (5 cycles) is common to both observations, and only two further points (10, 40 cycles) exist on the spallation side, which is too sparse to establish anything beyond an ordering (apparent micro-stability preceded macro spallation), not a quantitative relationship between them
17. [step 4] No mechanism links crack-network appearance (or its absence of visible change) to macroscopic corner spallation, so the pairing cannot establish that the unchanged crack network either caused, failed to prevent, or was irrelevant to the spallation
18. [step 4] A's own convergence claim (n11+n12) concerns YSZ specifically, while n11 separately notes Al2O3-YSZ has a large orientation-change at 5 cycles that diminishes by 20; B's spallation timing is not measured against either coating's strain data directly, so the combination cannot attribute the 5-10 cycle spallation to one coating's phase/strain behavior over the other's

THE CHAIN'S FINAL CONCLUSION
Read together, the two pieces bound when the coating's actual service capability breaks down relative to when its microstructure last looked stable. A establishes that at the 5-cycle mark YSZ's crack network still looked unchanged and its diffraction-derived strain/orientation-change rate was low and steady (the stability check stops at that point). B then shows the coupon is still intact at 5 cycles but has spalled corners by 10 cycles, with the spalled corners persisting and growing only slightly out to 40 cycles. Combined, these place the onset of macroscopic spallation in the narrow 5-to-10-cycle window immediately following the point at which the microstructural/diffraction read gave no sign of trouble -- something A's stability read alone (which never samples past what it reports) does not reveal, and something B's spallation timeline alone (which carries no microstructural or strain correlate) cannot explain.

For each qualification, rule how the final conclusion stands towards it:

  respects      the final conclusion stays inside the qualification, or restates it, or is about
                something the qualification does not touch while not overreaching it.
  ignores       the final conclusion asserts something the qualification says the evidence
                cannot support, without acknowledging it.
  contradicts   the final conclusion asserts the opposite of the qualification.

Quote the words of the final conclusion that decide each ruling. If you cannot quote anything, the ruling is "respects".

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"rulings": [{"n": 1, "verdict": "respects" | "ignores" | "contradicts", "quote": "...", "why": "at most 30 words"}, ...]}