A chain of reasoning attached qualifications to its intermediate results. The question is whether the chain's final conclusion still respects them.

THE QUALIFICATIONS, in the order the chain attached them
1. [step 1] Does not establish why the two coatings end up with different zirconia phases (no mechanism for tetragonal vs cubic phase stabilization is given by these two observations)
2. [step 1] Does not quantify the fraction of tetragonal vs cubic phase present in either sample
3. [step 1] The absence of an Al2O3 reflection in both patterns does not by itself indicate where the Al went (e.g., amorphous aggregation at grain boundaries) -- neither observation addresses Al distribution, only that no Al2O3 peak appears
4. [step 1] Both observations are drawn from the same XRD panel (F1) on the same samples, so they are two levels of description (label vs. peak detail) of one measurement rather than independent lines of evidence
5. [step 2] Does not establish any mechanism by which crystal phase (cubic vs tetragonal) would produce the differing strain magnitudes -- A's own qualifications record that no mechanism for tetragonal vs cubic phase stabilization is given
6. [step 2] Does not quantify the tetragonal vs cubic phase fraction in either sample, so no quantitative relationship between phase fraction and strain magnitude can be drawn, only a qualitative co-occurrence
7. [step 2] Only two coatings are compared, so this supports an ordering/co-occurrence between the samples, not a general relationship between phase type and strain magnitude
8. [step 2] A is a categorical, single-measurement phase label from XRD peak positions/shapes (panel F1) while B is a per-interval rate measurement taken at specific cycle counts (panels F5a, F5b) -- these are different kinds of quantities, so the pairing is a co-occurrence across measurements, not a quantitative correlation on a shared scale
9. [step 3] Does not establish any mechanism by which the micro-strain magnitude or its decay causes crack propagation; both could instead stem independently from a shared underlying driver (e.g., phase instability or cycling stress) with no mechanism given for either link
10. [step 3] The crack evidence is a qualitative, image-based description (cracks becoming longer and linked, a new wide horizontal crack) taken at a specific view/cycle point, while the strain evidence is a quantified per-interval rate spanning cycles 5 through 20 -- these are different kinds and windows of measurement, so no quantitative correlation between strain-rate magnitude/decay and crack growth extent can be drawn, only a qualitative co-occurrence
11. [step 3] Only two coatings are compared, so this supports a co-occurrence between this sample pair, not a general relationship between micro-strain behavior and cracking behavior
12. [step 3] Still carries forward the earlier result's unresolved gap: no mechanism is given for why the cubic phase (Al2O3-YSZ) would produce both the larger initial strain change and the cracking, versus the tetragonal phase (YSZ) producing neither
13. [step 4] No mechanism is shown by which the micro-strain divergence or crack development causes the subsequent spallation; both could instead be independent consequences of a shared underlying driver (e.g., phase instability or thermal cycling stress), a gap already carried forward from the earlier result
14. [step 4] The two observations are different kinds of measurement at different resolutions: A is a quantified per-interval rate (deg/interval) spanning cycles 5-20 plus a qualitative image description, while B is a categorical/state observation (intact vs. spalled, extent growing) at sparse checkpoints (5, 10, 40 cycles); no quantitative correlation between strain magnitude/decay and spallation extent can be drawn from this
15. [step 4] B is reported here only for Al2O3-YSZ; no spallation timeline for YSZ (the steady low-strain, no-crack-change coating) is given, so the combination cannot be extended to show that steady low micro-strain corresponds to absent or delayed spallation -- it remains a single-coating temporal ordering, not a general strain-spallation relationship
16. [step 4] Only three sparse cycle checkpoints (5, 10, 40) are available for B, sufficient to support an ordering (intact, then spalled, then slightly grown) but not a continuous or rate-based relationship with the strain data

THE CHAIN'S FINAL CONCLUSION
For Al2O3-YSZ specifically, putting the established micro-strain/crack co-occurrence (large per-interval orientation change of ~4.3-11 deg at 5 cycles, decaying toward ~1 deg by 20 cycles, alongside cracks becoming longer and linked and a new wide horizontal crack) together with the spallation timeline (coupon intact at 5 cycles; corners spalled at 10 cycles; spalled corners persisting and growing slightly to 40 cycles) shows that the coating's largest micro-strain divergence and developing crack pattern occur while the coupon is still macroscopically intact (at 5 cycles), and that visible corner spallation appears only afterward, by 10 cycles. This establishes a temporal ordering -- micro-strain/crack signature precedes macroscopic spallation onset -- that neither piece shows alone: the strain/crack result (A) contains no intact-versus-spalled state information, and the spallation timeline (B) contains no strain-rate or crack-microstructure information.

For each qualification, rule how the final conclusion stands towards it:

  respects      the final conclusion stays inside the qualification, or restates it, or is about
                something the qualification does not touch while not overreaching it.
  ignores       the final conclusion asserts something the qualification says the evidence
                cannot support, without acknowledging it.
  contradicts   the final conclusion asserts the opposite of the qualification.

Quote the words of the final conclusion that decide each ruling. If you cannot quote anything, the ruling is "respects".

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"rulings": [{"n": 1, "verdict": "respects" | "ignores" | "contradicts", "quote": "...", "why": "at most 30 words"}, ...]}