A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (SEM): Bare BST particles are smooth, ~70 nm; modified particles look rough, coated and larger
  measurement B (OPTICAL:photograph): Powders and films darken from white to dark brown as Ag content rises
  what it concluded: Putting SEM and the photograph together supports that the surface modification seen at the particle level (bare BST ~70 nm, smooth, versus modified particles that are rough, coated, and larger) is the same modification that tracks with the macroscopic color trend (white to dark brown) as Ag content rises -- i.e., the coating/roughening event visualized in SEM co-occurs with, and moves in the same direction as, increasing Ag loading.

STEP 2
  handed in: Putting SEM and the photograph together supports that the surface modification seen at the particle level (bare BST ~70 nm, smooth, versus modified particles that are rough, coated, and larger) is the same modification that tracks with the macroscopic color trend (white to dark brown) as Ag content rises -- i.e., the coating/roughening event visualized in SEM co-occurs with, and moves in the same direction as, increasing Ag loading.
  new measurement (None): DSC Tg steps: pure PAEN 176 C; BST@Ag 1/3/5% at 146, 149, 157 C
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: The earlier SEM+photograph result already establishes that particle-level surface modification (coating/roughening) and macroscopic color darkening both increase together as Ag content rises, though confounded with particle size and coating thickness. The DSC data add a third property that moves with Ag content in a parallel, monotonic way: Tg falls below the pure PAEN value of 176 C for every composite, but then climbs with Ag loading from 146 C (1%) to 149 C (3%) to 157 C (5%). Read together, the two pieces support that the Ag-driven modification documented structurally/optically in the earlier step is not an isolated optical effect -- it co-occurs with a directional, ordered change in a bulk thermal property (Tg) that tracks the same Ag-content ordering. This licenses the claim that whatever physical change accompanies increasing Ag loading (coating/particle growth) is systemic enough to register in an unrelated measurement domain (thermal transition), not just in color and SEM appearance.
  qualification: The earlier result's own confound carries forward unresolved: Ag content, particle size, and coating thickness all rise together by construction, so the Tg increase with Ag loading cannot be attributed to Ag content itself versus the accompanying rise in particle size or coating thickness.
  qualification: SEM in the earlier step contrasted only two discrete states (bare vs modified), so it cannot confirm that the coating/roughening scales continuously across the 1/3/5% Ag series the way Tg does; the graded trend exists in the Tg data but was never independently verified at the structural level across those same intermediate loadings.
  qualification: Tg is a bulk polymer chain-mobility property while SEM/color are particle-surface and macroscopic-appearance observations; a shared directional trend with Ag content does not establish that the same physical mechanism (interfacial coating) is what depresses and then raises Tg, only that both respond to Ag loading in some fashion.
  qualification: The composite Tg values (146-157 C) are all below the pure PAEN baseline (176 C), an initial depression whose cause is not addressed by either observation alone or combined.

STEP 3
  handed in: The earlier SEM+photograph result already establishes that particle-level surface modification (coating/roughening) and macroscopic color darkening both increase together as Ag content rises, though confounded with particle size and coating thickness. The DSC data add a third property that moves with Ag content in a parallel, monotonic way: Tg falls below the pure PAEN value of 176 C for every composite, but then climbs with Ag loading from 146 C (1%) to 149 C (3%) to 157 C (5%). Read together, the two pieces support that the Ag-driven modification documented structurally/optically in the earlier step is not an isolated optical effect -- it co-occurs with a directional, ordered change in a bulk thermal property (Tg) that tracks the same Ag-content ordering. This licenses the claim that whatever physical change accompanies increasing Ag loading (coating/particle growth) is systemic enough to register in an unrelated measurement domain (thermal transition), not just in color and SEM appearance.
  new measurement (None): Dielectric constant declines only ~10% from 100 Hz to 1 MHz for every sample
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRF/service_capability that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the ordered Ag-tracking trend in Tg established in A (146 C at 1% Ag, 149 C at 3%, 157 C at 5%, all below the 176 C pure-PAEN baseline) and B's finding that dielectric constant declines only ~10% from 100 Hz to 1 MHz 'for every sample' jointly support that the compositional/thermal change accompanying rising Ag content does not disrupt the composite's dielectric frequency-stability -- that stability holds uniformly across the whole Ag-loading series even though those same samples sit at different points on the Tg trend. Neither piece alone shows this: A alone contains no electrical-property information, and B alone, stated as a blanket 'every sample' result, does not by itself connect that uniformity to the graded Ag-content series that A shows produces a directional structural/thermal shift.
  qualification: B's 'every sample' statement covers only the frequency sweep (100 Hz to 1 MHz); no temperature-dependence data is given here, so the pair cannot say whether dielectric frequency-stability persists near or above the specific Tg values recorded in A (146-157 C) -- the service-capability claim from this combination is bounded to whatever single test temperature underlies B, which is unstated in the given panel
  qualification: the confound already unresolved in A (Ag content, particle size, and coating thickness all rising together by construction) is not touched by B; even though dielectric behavior appears uniform across the series, the pair still cannot attribute either the Tg shift or the dielectric uniformity specifically to Ag content versus its co-varying particle size or coating thickness
  qualification: A reports an absolute value (Tg in Celsius) tied to discrete Ag loadings, while B reports a normalized/relative change (a ~10% decline) aggregated across a frequency domain rather than broken out per loading; combining an absolute compositional trend with a relative, composition-unresolved frequency-domain statement establishes only qualitative compatibility (one property varies while the other is reported stable), not a quantitative relationship between them
  qualification: B is given as a single aggregate claim ('every sample'), not itemized by Ag loading, so it cannot be checked whether the ~10% decline itself varies slightly with Ag content the way Tg does


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts with two measurements on the same samples: SEM showing bare BST particles as smooth and about 70 nm versus modified particles that are rough, coated, and larger, and a photograph showing powders and films darkening from white to dark brown as Ag content rises. Together these support that the particle-level coating/roughening seen in SEM is the same change that tracks the color darkening as Ag increases. Step 2 needed that link to make sense of new DSC data: Tg is 176 C for pure PAEN but drops to 146, 149, and 157 C for the 1/3/5% Ag composites, rising with loading after the initial drop. Because step 1 had already tied structural coating to Ag content, this new thermal trend could be read as the same Ag-driven change also surfacing in a bulk polymer property, not just in appearance and particle shape. Step 3 then needed that ordered Tg trend to interpret dielectric constant data showing only about a 10% decline from 100 Hz to 1 MHz for every sample. Combining the two supports that the same Ag-tracking change that shifts Tg does not disrupt dielectric frequency stability, which holds uniformly across the whole loading series.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}