A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (XRD): Pattern (a): reflections indexed to Si4Al2O2N6 and Si1.8Al0.2O1.2N1.8 alongside alpha-Al2O3 and cBN
  measurement B (SEM): Panel (a): boxed cBN grains and SiAlON regions show cleaved facets and no gaps at their boundaries
  what it concluded: Together, the XRD pattern showing SiAlON phases (Si4Al2O2N6, Si1.8Al0.2O1.2N1.8) formed alongside alpha-Al2O3 and cBN, and the SEM image showing that boxed cBN grains and SiAlON regions have cleaved facets with no gaps at their boundaries, support that the reaction-formed SiAlON phase is co-located with, and associated with, gap-free (well-bonded) interfaces between cBN and the surrounding matrix in this sample.

STEP 2
  handed in: Together, the XRD pattern showing SiAlON phases (Si4Al2O2N6, Si1.8Al0.2O1.2N1.8) formed alongside alpha-Al2O3 and cBN, and the SEM image showing that boxed cBN grains and SiAlON regions have cleaved facets with no gaps at their boundaries, support that the reaction-formed SiAlON phase is co-located with, and associated with, gap-free (well-bonded) interfaces between cBN and the surrounding matrix in this sample.
  new measurement (None): Panel (b): a protruding cBN grain beside a deep ~2 um socket; Al2O3 grains show clean faceted faces
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/behavior_class that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the established result (boxed cBN grains and SiAlON matrix regions show cleaved facets with no gaps at their boundaries, co-located with the bulk XRD-identified SiAlON phase) and the panel F7b observation (a different cBN grain elsewhere on the fracture surface protrudes beside a deep ~2 um socket, with adjacent Al2O3 grains showing plain faceted faces) together show that interfacial bonding is not uniform across this one sample: some cBN grains sit in apparently gap-free, well-bonded boundaries while at least one other cBN grain has detached cleanly, leaving an open socket. The pairing supplies a contrasting (debonded) case that observation A alone lacked, so the two together give associative support for a link between where gap-free morphology/reaction-phase presence is seen and where bonding held, versus where a grain pulled free.
  qualification: Neither panel includes a spot-level chemical/EDS check, so it cannot be confirmed that the socket region in panel B specifically lacks the SiAlON phase identified in bulk XRD and inferred at the boxed region in observation A; the contrast is built entirely on morphology (cleaved, no gap vs. protruding grain with open socket), not on measured composition at either site.
  qualification: Both observations remain static, single-sample endpoint fractographic snapshots, not a controlled comparison (no binder lacking SiAlON, no matched test condition across the two locations), so the pair cannot show that SiAlON formation, rather than some other local sintering effect (porosity, residual stress, grain orientation) or fracture-test artifact, is what separates the gap-free grains from the pulled-out one.
  qualification: The bulk XRD phase identification behind observation A is global for the sample and is not re-verified at either the boxed grains or the panel B socket location, so the specific composition at either imaged site remains inferred rather than directly measured.
  qualification: The ~2 um socket depth is a single measurement at one grain, not a systematic survey across many grains, so it cannot support a general relationship between reaction-phase presence and bonding across the sample -- only that at least one debonded grain exists alongside the gap-free ones.

STEP 3
  handed in: Read together, the established result (boxed cBN grains and SiAlON matrix regions show cleaved facets with no gaps at their boundaries, co-located with the bulk XRD-identified SiAlON phase) and the panel F7b observation (a different cBN grain elsewhere on the fracture surface protrudes beside a deep ~2 um socket, with adjacent Al2O3 grains showing plain faceted faces) together show that interfacial bonding is not uniform across this one sample: some cBN grains sit in apparently gap-free, well-bonded boundaries while at least one other cBN grain has detached cleanly, leaving an open socket. The pairing supplies a contrasting (debonded) case that observation A alone lacked, so the two together give associative support for a link between where gap-free morphology/reaction-phase presence is seen and where bonding held, versus where a grain pulled free.
  new measurement (None): K_IC: S1 ~2.4, 2.9, 5.6; S3 ~3.7, 3.95, 3.95; S2 ~2.1, 2.0, 3.0, 3.5 MPa m^1/2
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the fractographic finding that bonding quality is heterogeneous on one sample's fracture surface (well-bonded, gap-free cBN/SiAlON boundaries at the boxed grains versus one cBN grain that pulled cleanly free of a ~2 um socket) and the K_IC values measured for the sample series are consistent with a link between interfacial bonding condition and toughness: the sample in which gap-free bonding was documented (S1) is also the one with the highest recorded K_IC (~5.6 MPa m^1/2), and the spread of S1's other values (~2.4, ~2.9) is of a magnitude that a fracture surface containing both well-bonded and debonded grains could plausibly produce. The pairing supplies the numerical toughness side that the morphology observation alone lacked, and the morphology supplies a mechanistic candidate that the bare K_IC numbers alone could not point to.
  qualification: The association is built by juxtaposition only: no spot-level check ties the specific K_IC specimens to the specific gap-free or socketed grains, so which grains were sampled during any given toughness test is unknown, and causation from bonding condition to a given K_IC value cannot be shown.
  qualification: The fractographic side is a single boxed region plus one debonded grain on one fracture surface, while the K_IC side is a small set of point measurements (three values for S1, three for S3, four for S2); neither has enough resolution to turn this into a general or quantitative relationship between fraction of debonded grains and toughness level or scatter.
  qualification: Other candidate drivers of the K_IC spread within S1 (specimen-to-specimen variation, differing crack paths, porosity, residual stress, test artifacts) -- already flagged in the earlier result as untested alternatives to SiAlON-driven bonding -- cannot be ruled out, so the scatter (2.4, 2.9, 5.6 MPa m^1/2) cannot be attributed specifically to the mixed bonding morphology observed.
  qualification: No spot-level chemical/EDS confirmation exists at either the gap-free grains or the socket location, so whether SiAlON-phase presence versus absence (rather than some other local factor) is what actually separates well-bonded from debonded grains -- and hence what the toughness numbers might reflect -- remains unverified.


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain begins with XRD showing SiAlON phases formed alongside alpha-Al2O3 and cBN, paired with an SEM image of boxed cBN grains and SiAlON regions whose boundaries show cleaved facets with no gaps -- together these support that the reaction-formed SiAlON sits at gap-free, well-bonded cBN interfaces. Step 2 needed a contrasting case, since the first result only showed bonded grains and had no debonded example to compare against; the new SEM panel supplies exactly that, showing a different cBN grain protruding beside a deep ~2 um socket with clean-faced Al2O3 nearby. Combined with the handed-in result, this reveals bonding is not uniform on the fracture surface -- some grains sit gap-free, at least one pulled free -- giving associative (not chemically verified) support linking gap-free morphology to bonding. Step 3 needed a macroscopic property to connect to this morphological contrast, since step 2 had only images and no numbers; the new K_IC measurements across three samples (S1, S2, S3) supply that, showing S1 -- the sample where gap-free bonding was documented -- also has the highest K_IC (~5.6 MPa m^1/2), with its scatter (2.4, 2.9, 5.6) plausibly matching a surface containing both bonded and debonded grains, though no specimen-to-grain linkage or chemical confirmation ties the numbers to the morphology causally.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}