A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (XRD): Pattern (b): only alpha-Al2O3, cBN and ZrO2 reflections at every temperature 1550-1700 C, no new peaks
  measurement B (SEM): Panel (a): boxed cBN grains and SiAlON regions show cleaved facets and no gaps at their boundaries
  what it concluded: Observation A (XRD pattern (b), F2b) shows that in the S2 binder system only the starting phases alpha-Al2O3, cBN and ZrO2 are present across 1550-1700 C, with no new reflections appearing. Observation B (SEM panel (a), F7a) shows boxed cBN grains and SiAlON regions with cleaved facets and no gaps at their boundaries, which is the S1 (SiAlON) system. Put together, the two panels show one sample (S2) with no detectable phase reaction and a different sample (S1) with tight, gap-free cBN/binder boundaries; at most this juxtaposition suggests that samples with different binder chemistries differ both in phase reaction behavior and in interfacial morphology.

STEP 2
  handed in: Observation A (XRD pattern (b), F2b) shows that in the S2 binder system only the starting phases alpha-Al2O3, cBN and ZrO2 are present across 1550-1700 C, with no new reflections appearing. Observation B (SEM panel (a), F7a) shows boxed cBN grains and SiAlON regions with cleaved facets and no gaps at their boundaries, which is the S1 (SiAlON) system. Put together, the two panels show one sample (S2) with no detectable phase reaction and a different sample (S1) with tight, gap-free cBN/binder boundaries; at most this juxtaposition suggests that samples with different binder chemistries differ both in phase reaction behavior and in interfacial morphology.
  new measurement (None): Panel (b): a protruding cBN grain beside a deep ~2 um socket; Al2O3 grains show clean faceted faces
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/behavior_class that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Taken together, the established result (Observation A: XRD pattern F2b showing only starting phases alpha-Al2O3, cBN, ZrO2 present in S2 from 1550-1700 C, no new reflections) and the new SEM observation (F7b: a protruding cBN grain beside a deep ~2 um socket, with Al2O3 grains showing clean faceted faces) together supply, for the first time, a single-sample (S2) link between bulk phase identity and interfacial morphology that the earlier result explicitly lacked. They show that within S2, the absence of any new reaction phase co-occurs with a debonded, pulled-out cBN/binder interface (grain plus matching socket), while the surrounding Al2O3 grains themselves retain clean, well-faceted surfaces. This fills the specific gap flagged in the earlier result -- that no SEM interface data existed for S2 -- and lets the unreacted phase set be paired with its own interface morphology rather than borrowing S1's SEM panel.
  qualification: The pairing shows co-occurrence within S2 (no new phases + cBN pullout/socket), not a causal mechanism connecting the two; it does not show that the absence of a reaction phase is what produces the debonding.
  qualification: The comparison to S1's tight, gap-free boundaries (from the separate F7a panel) remains a cross-sample comparison confounded by binder chemistry, since no XRD data for S1 is available to complete that side of the picture.
  qualification: The SEM observation is a single local feature (one protruding grain and one ~2 um socket, plus a general note on Al2O3 facet cleanliness), not a systematic or quantified survey of interface quality across the S2 sample.
  qualification: The XRD side is a categorical bulk-phase read across a temperature range (1550-1700 C); the SEM side is a local morphological/length feature (a single ~2 um socket); these remain different kinds of measurement and the pairing only places them side by side for the same sample, it does not convert one into evidence for the other's cause.

STEP 3
  handed in: Taken together, the established result (Observation A: XRD pattern F2b showing only starting phases alpha-Al2O3, cBN, ZrO2 present in S2 from 1550-1700 C, no new reflections) and the new SEM observation (F7b: a protruding cBN grain beside a deep ~2 um socket, with Al2O3 grains showing clean faceted faces) together supply, for the first time, a single-sample (S2) link between bulk phase identity and interfacial morphology that the earlier result explicitly lacked. They show that within S2, the absence of any new reaction phase co-occurs with a debonded, pulled-out cBN/binder interface (grain plus matching socket), while the surrounding Al2O3 grains themselves retain clean, well-faceted surfaces. This fills the specific gap flagged in the earlier result -- that no SEM interface data existed for S2 -- and lets the unreacted phase set be paired with its own interface morphology rather than borrowing S1's SEM panel.
  new measurement (None): Flexural strength: S1 ~165, 188, 465 MPa (1400-1600 C); S3 ~170-195 flat; S2 ~80, 98, 170, 145 MPa
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, S2's within-sample pairing of unreacted bulk phases with a debonded, pulled-out cBN/socket interface (Observation A) sits alongside S2 also being the weakest sample in flexural strength (~80, 98, 170, 145 MPa across 1550-1700 C), well below S1's rising trend (~165, 188, 465 MPa, peaking at 1600 C) and below S3's flat ~170-195 MPa band (Observation B). The combination lets one associate S2's poor interfacial bonding/unreacted phase state with its comparatively low strength values, i.e. it links the interface morphology already tied to S2's phase identity to a weaker mechanical outcome for that same sample, something the phase/interface pairing alone (which says nothing about strength) and the strength series alone (which says nothing about phase or interface state) cannot do individually.
  qualification: The strength comparison is cross-sample (S1 vs S2 vs S3), and Observation A itself already flags that any S1-S2 comparison is confounded by binder chemistry differences, so the low S2 strength cannot be attributed to the phase/interface state alone versus other sample-level differences
  qualification: The SEM side of Observation A is one local feature (a single protruding grain and one ~2 um socket, plus a general facet-cleanliness note), not a systematic survey, so it cannot be scaled up to explain sample-wide strength values measured across S2 as a whole
  qualification: S2's own strength values fluctuate non-monotonically (80, 98, 170, 145 MPa) even though the XRD read reports the same unreacted phase set across the whole 1550-1700 C range, so the phase/interface pairing does not track the internal variation in S2's own strength data
  qualification: Observation A explicitly states co-occurrence, not mechanism, within S2; adding the strength numbers only extends that co-occurrence to a third variable (strength) without supplying any mechanistic link between absence of reaction phase, debonding, and lower strength


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts with two separate readings: XRD (pattern b, F2b) showing that sample S2 keeps only its starting phases -- alpha-Al2O3, cBN, ZrO2 -- from 1550 to 1700 C with no new peaks, and SEM (panel a, F7a) showing sample S1's cBN/SiAlON boundaries are cleaved and gap-free. Because these come from two different samples, all they support is that S1 and S2 differ in both phase behavior and interface look; there is no link within one sample. Step 2 needed exactly that missing link, so it is handed a new SEM image (panel b, F7b) of S2 itself: a protruding cBN grain beside a matching ~2 um socket, with the Al2O3 grains still clean-faceted. Now the unreacted-phase result and an interface result both describe S2, showing that its unreacted phase set co-occurs with a debonded, pulled-out cBN interface -- though only as co-occurrence in one local spot, not a mechanism. Step 3 then needed that within-S2 phase/interface pairing to make sense of new flexural strength data, where S2 is weakest (~80, 98, 170, 145 MPa) against S1's rise to 465 MPa and S3's flat ~170-195 MPa band, letting S2's poor interface/phase state be associated with its low strength, though still without any mechanism connecting them and without S2's own strength fluctuations tracking the constant phase reading.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}