A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (XRD): Pattern (c): hBN marker near 26 deg appears at 1500 and 1600 C, absent at 1400 C
  measurement B (SEM): Panel (a): boxed cBN grains and SiAlON regions show cleaved facets and no gaps at their boundaries
  what it concluded: No combined proposition follows. Observation A (XRD, F2c) is a temperature-series result showing the hBN marker near 26 deg appears at 1500 and 1600 C but is absent at 1400 C, which by itself supports a phase-transformation-onset conclusion. Observation B (SEM, F7a) is a single micrograph of the boxed cBN-grain/SiAlON (S1) region showing cleaved facets and no gaps at the boundaries, which by itself supports a good-bonding conclusion for S1. The two panels do not share a common specimen or a common variable (one is a temperature series without stated sample identity, the other is a single-temperature, single-sample micrograph), so nothing about a link between hBN formation and interface bonding quality follows from putting them together.

STEP 2
  handed in: No combined proposition follows. Observation A (XRD, F2c) is a temperature-series result showing the hBN marker near 26 deg appears at 1500 and 1600 C but is absent at 1400 C, which by itself supports a phase-transformation-onset conclusion. Observation B (SEM, F7a) is a single micrograph of the boxed cBN-grain/SiAlON (S1) region showing cleaved facets and no gaps at the boundaries, which by itself supports a good-bonding conclusion for S1. The two panels do not share a common specimen or a common variable (one is a temperature series without stated sample identity, the other is a single-temperature, single-sample micrograph), so nothing about a link between hBN formation and interface bonding quality follows from putting them together.
  new measurement (None): Panel (b): a protruding cBN grain beside a deep ~2 um socket; Al2O3 grains show clean faceted faces
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/behavior_class that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: No combined proposition follows. The earlier XRD result (F2c) already established that nothing about a link between hBN formation and interface bonding follows from pairing it with a single-specimen micrograph, and F7b does not change that: F7b is another single, temperature-unspecified SEM snapshot (a protruding cBN grain beside a ~2 um socket, with clean-faceted Al2O3 grains), not a second point in the F2c temperature series and not identified as the same specimen scanned in F2c. Read together, the two panels still cannot tell you whether hBN formation at 1500-1600 C has anything to do with the grain-pullout/socket morphology visible in F7b.
  qualification: F2c does not state which composite (S1/S2/S3) is scanned at each temperature step, so it cannot be tied to the specimen or region shown in F7b
  qualification: F7b shows a single micrograph of a protruding cBN grain and ~2 um socket with no stated temperature or specimen identity, so it cannot be placed at any point along the 1400-1600 C series
  qualification: no panel here shows the interface microstructure of the same specimen/region where the hBN peak appears, so the images cannot confirm that hBN formation is what produces the socket/pullout morphology in F7b
  qualification: the two observations remain different kinds of evidence (a categorical peak-presence series over temperature vs. a single qualitative micrograph with no temperature axis), so neither can be checked or plotted against the other

STEP 3
  handed in: No combined proposition follows. The earlier XRD result (F2c) already established that nothing about a link between hBN formation and interface bonding follows from pairing it with a single-specimen micrograph, and F7b does not change that: F7b is another single, temperature-unspecified SEM snapshot (a protruding cBN grain beside a ~2 um socket, with clean-faceted Al2O3 grains), not a second point in the F2c temperature series and not identified as the same specimen scanned in F2c. Read together, the two panels still cannot tell you whether hBN formation at 1500-1600 C has anything to do with the grain-pullout/socket morphology visible in F7b.
  new measurement (None): K_IC: S1 ~2.4, 2.9, 5.6; S3 ~3.7, 3.95, 3.95; S2 ~2.1, 2.0, 3.0, 3.5 MPa m^1/2
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Nothing about the cause of the fracture-toughness ranking across S1/S2/S3 follows from combining the two. The earlier result (F2c+F7b) already established that no specimen-identified link exists between hBN formation and interface/grain-pullout morphology; adding the K_IC values (S1 highest at ~5.6 MPa m^1/2, S3 ~3.7-3.95, S2 at most ~3.5 MPa m^1/2) does not repair that gap, because the toughness data carry no temperature axis matching the 1400-1600 C hBN series and the earlier result never fixed which composite was scanned at which temperature. The two pieces of evidence cannot be joined to say hBN formation (or the F7b pullout/socket morphology) is what produces S1's higher toughness or S2's lower toughness.
  qualification: F2c does not state which composite (S1/S2/S3) was scanned at each temperature step, so the hBN presence/absence series cannot be aligned with the K_IC values by specimen
  qualification: the K_IC measurements are per-specimen test results at given conditions, not tied to any stated temperature-history or hBN-content point along the 1400-1600 C series
  qualification: F7b's pullout/socket micrograph has no specimen identity or temperature, so it cannot be matched to whichever specimen shows the higher or lower K_IC values
  qualification: the quantities are different kinds of evidence (categorical peak-presence over a temperature series vs. discrete fracture-toughness measurements per specimen), so one cannot be plotted or checked against the other
  qualification: toughness differences among S1/S2/S3 could reflect any number of unstated compositional or processing differences besides hBN formation; nothing here isolates hBN as the cause


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts with two separate figures: an XRD series (F2c) showing an hBN marker near 26 degrees at 1500 and 1600 C but absent at 1400 C, and a single SEM micrograph (F7a) of a boxed cBN-grain/SiAlON region showing cleaved facets with no gaps. Each supports its own point alone, but since neither states which specimen or temperature the other belongs to, no combined claim about hBN formation and bonding quality follows. Step 2 adds F7b, another single SEM snapshot (a protruding cBN grain beside a ~2 um socket, with clean-faceted Al2O3 grains). It needed step 1's conclusion because that already flagged the missing specimen/temperature link; F7b, being likewise unlabeled for temperature or specimen, cannot be placed on the F2c series or tied to F7a's sample, so the pullout/socket morphology still cannot be connected to hBN formation. Step 3 adds K_IC values for S1, S2, and S3. It needed step 2's conclusion because that had already shown no specimen-identified link between hBN formation and morphology existed to build on; the toughness numbers, lacking any temperature axis or specimen match to F2c or F7b, cannot explain why S1 is toughest or S2 weakest, so no cause for the toughness ranking follows from the combination.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}