A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (SEM): Bare BST particles are smooth, ~70 nm; modified particles look rough, coated and larger
  measurement B (OPTICAL:photograph): Powders and films darken from white to dark brown as Ag content rises
  what it concluded: Putting SEM and the photograph together supports that the surface modification seen at the particle level (bare BST ~70 nm, smooth, versus modified particles that are rough, coated, and larger) is the same modification that tracks with the macroscopic color trend (white to dark brown) as Ag content rises -- i.e., the coating/roughening event visualized in SEM co-occurs with, and moves in the same direction as, increasing Ag loading.

STEP 2
  handed in: Putting SEM and the photograph together supports that the surface modification seen at the particle level (bare BST ~70 nm, smooth, versus modified particles that are rough, coated, and larger) is the same modification that tracks with the macroscopic color trend (white to dark brown) as Ag content rises -- i.e., the coating/roughening event visualized in SEM co-occurs with, and moves in the same direction as, increasing Ag loading.
  new measurement (None): Breaking elongation 6.9, 5.8, 4.5, 4.4% for PAEN, 1%, 3%, 5% Ag
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Together, the two results support that the surface-modification event established in the earlier step (coating/roughening of BST particles that tracks the white-to-dark-brown color trend as Ag content rises) co-occurs with, and moves in the same direction as, the monotonic decline in breaking elongation (6.9, 5.8, 4.5, 4.4% for PAEN, 1%, 3%, 5% Ag). This lets the mechanical decline be read as accompanying the same underlying modification event that the earlier SEM/photograph comparison visualized and tracked with Ag loading, rather than as an unrelated, independently-varying trend.
  qualification: The confound already present in the earlier result carries over unresolved: Ag content, particle size, and coating thickness all rise together by construction, so adding the elongation trend does not tell which of these -- or the coating/roughening itself -- is responsible for the drop in elongation
  qualification: SEM contrasts only two discrete states (bare vs modified), not a graded series, so the pairing cannot show elongation falling continuously with degree of coating or with SEM-measured particle size, only that both quantities move in the same direction as Ag content increases
  qualification: The two sides are different kinds of evidence -- structural/visual (particle morphology, macroscopic color) versus a mechanical/deformation percentage -- so the combination shows parallel trends with rising Ag content, not a demonstrated mechanistic pathway from coating to elongation loss
  qualification: Only four composition points (PAEN, 1%, 3%, 5% Ag) are available for elongation, which supports an ordering/monotonic trend but not a proportional or continuous relationship between degree of surface modification and elongation loss


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts from two measurements on the same samples: SEM images showing bare BST particles as smooth and about 70 nm, versus modified particles that are rough, coated, and larger; and a photograph showing powders and films darkening from white to dark brown as Ag content increases. Put together, these support that the particle-level change SEM shows (bare versus coated/roughened/larger) is the same change that tracks the color shift seen in the photograph as Ag loading rises -- the two visual records move together with increasing Ag.

Step 2 needed that established pairing before it could say anything about a new number: breaking elongation values of 6.9, 5.8, 4.5, 4.4% for PAEN, 1%, 3%, 5% Ag. On its own, this is just a declining series with Ag content. Read against the SEM/photograph result, it lets the elongation drop be treated as accompanying the same coating/roughening event already tied to rising Ag, rather than as a separate, unrelated trend. But this only shows the two things moving together with Ag content -- it does not show which of Ag content, particle size, or coating thickness drives the elongation loss, nor does it establish a mechanistic path from coating to elongation, since SEM only compares two discrete states and just four composition points support ordering, not proportionality.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}