A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (FTIR): New bands at 2930, 2864 and 1122 cm-1 appear only in the BST-SH spectrum
  measurement B (SEM): Particles in the BST@Ag1% film are covered by matrix with blurred outlines, no gaps at interfaces
  what it concluded: FTIR confirms that MPTMS-based silane grafting introduced new chemical functionality on the BST particle surface (Si-O near 1122 cm-1, CH2 stretches at 2930/2864 cm-1, seen only in BST-SH), and SEM of the modified-filler film (BST@Ag1%) shows particles wrapped tightly by matrix with blurred outlines and no interfacial gaps. Taken together, the two observations support the inference that the silane surface chemistry identified by FTIR is consistent with, and plausibly underlies, the intimate filler-matrix contact seen in SEM -- i.e., the surface modification is associated with improved interfacial bonding.

STEP 2
  handed in: FTIR confirms that MPTMS-based silane grafting introduced new chemical functionality on the BST particle surface (Si-O near 1122 cm-1, CH2 stretches at 2930/2864 cm-1, seen only in BST-SH), and SEM of the modified-filler film (BST@Ag1%) shows particles wrapped tightly by matrix with blurred outlines and no interfacial gaps. Taken together, the two observations support the inference that the silane surface chemistry identified by FTIR is consistent with, and plausibly underlies, the intimate filler-matrix contact seen in SEM -- i.e., the surface modification is associated with improved interfacial bonding.
  new measurement (None): Tensile strength 79.3, 78.3, 74.4, 73.5 MPa for PAEN, 1%, 3%, 5% Ag
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: The tensile strength data (79.3 to 73.5 MPa, only a -7% drop from PAEN through 1%, 3%, 5% Ag) is consistent with, and can be read as corroborating, the interfacial-bonding inference drawn from FTIR plus SEM on BST-SH/BST@Ag1%: if the silane-grafted filler surface chemistry did not translate into intimate filler-matrix contact, one would expect a much steeper decline in tensile strength as filler content rises, since poor adhesion typically creates stress-concentrating voids/debonding sites. The modest decline therefore supports the idea that whatever interfacial contact was inferred from FTIR+SEM persists (or its benefit is not lost) as Ag content increases, tying the surface-chemistry/morphology story to a measurable mechanical outcome that neither observation alone could speak to.
  qualification: FTIR and SEM (Observation A) were only examined at the BST@Ag1% composition; the tensile series (Observation B) spans 1%, 3%, and 5% Ag, so the direct chemistry/morphology evidence matches only one point in the mechanical series, and its extension to the 3% and 5% samples is an extrapolation, not a demonstrated link.
  qualification: Observation A itself is already qualitative and inferential (different specimens for FTIR vs SEM, presence/absence rather than degree of bonding), so combining it with a quantitative tensile trend cannot upgrade it into a dose-response or mechanistic causal claim -- at most it is a directional consistency check.
  qualification: A slight (-7%) tensile decline is also consistent with simple filler-dilution or dispersion effects that would occur even without any specific interfacial chemistry improvement, so the small drop does not by itself prove the interface is 'good' because of the silane grafting rather than merely because filler loading stayed low enough that any interfacial weakness had little chance to matter.


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts with two observations on the same modified filler: FTIR shows new bands at 2930, 2864 and 1122 cm-1 only in the BST-SH spectrum, indicating new surface chemistry from silane grafting, while SEM of the BST@Ag1% film shows particles wrapped by matrix with blurred outlines and no interfacial gaps. Neither alone proves the chemistry improved bonding; together they support the idea that the grafted chemistry is consistent with the tight filler-matrix contact seen in the film. Step 2 adds tensile strength across a composition series -- 79.3, 78.3, 74.4, 73.5 MPa for PAEN, 1%, 3%, 5% Ag -- a roughly 7% drop. This needed the earlier chemistry/morphology result because the tensile numbers alone only describe a trend; read against that result, the modest rather than steep decline is consistent with the inferred interfacial contact persisting as filler content rises. But the chemistry/morphology evidence covers only the 1% sample, so extending it to 3% and 5% is extrapolation, the original inference was qualitative, and the small tensile drop could equally reflect ordinary dilution or dispersion effects rather than any interfacial improvement.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}