A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (FTIR): New bands at 2930, 2864 and 1122 cm-1 appear only in the BST-SH spectrum
  measurement B (THERMAL:DSC): DSC Tg steps: pure PAEN 176 C; BST@Ag 1/3/5% at 146, 149, 157 C
  what it concluded: Together, the FTIR bands (2930, 2864, 1122 cm-1 seen only for BST-SH) confirming a covalently grafted MPTMS layer (Si-O, CH2 groups) on the BST particle surface, and the DSC series showing composite Tg dropping below neat PAEN (176 C) and then stepping up with Ag content (146, 149, 157 C for 1, 3, 5% Ag), support that introducing the silane-grafted, Ag-loaded filler changes the polymer's glass transition relative to the unfilled resin.

STEP 2
  handed in: Together, the FTIR bands (2930, 2864, 1122 cm-1 seen only for BST-SH) confirming a covalently grafted MPTMS layer (Si-O, CH2 groups) on the BST particle surface, and the DSC series showing composite Tg dropping below neat PAEN (176 C) and then stepping up with Ag content (146, 149, 157 C for 1, 3, 5% Ag), support that introducing the silane-grafted, Ag-loaded filler changes the polymer's glass transition relative to the unfilled resin.
  new measurement (None): Dielectric constant declines only ~10% from 100 Hz to 1 MHz for every sample
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRF/service_capability that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the DSC series (A) shows Tg shifting with filler composition (176 C neat down to 146/149/157 C for BST@Ag 1/3/5%), while the dielectric measurement (B) shows only a modest ~10% decline in dielectric constant from 100 Hz to 1 MHz for every one of those same samples. The combination supports that the frequency-dependent dielectric response is essentially uniform across compositions even though the glass-transition behavior of those same compositions differs with filler loading -- i.e., whatever the silane-grafted, Ag-loaded filler is doing to the polymer's thermal transition, it is not showing up as a composition-dependent difference in the 100 Hz-1 MHz dielectric trend.
  qualification: The grafting-vs-Ag-content confound already noted for the Tg result (A) is not resolved by adding B: since B also cannot distinguish which filler variable is responsible for anything, the pair still cannot say whether grafting chemistry, Ag content, or neither governs the (lack of) dielectric change across composition.
  qualification: B reports the frequency sweep as a flat ~10% decline for every sample without differentiating compositions numerically, so there is no per-sample dielectric value to set against the four Tg values -- the pair gives a qualitative contrast (Tg varies, dielectric-vs-frequency trend does not) rather than a quantitative relationship between the two.
  qualification: A's own limits (only four Tg points, identity-only FTIR signal, no dose-response) still apply and are not strengthened by B; the combination cannot support a dose-response between filler loading and either Tg or dielectric behavior.
  qualification: B measures dielectric constant against frequency (100 Hz-1 MHz) at whatever fixed condition it was run, while A measures a thermal transition temperature (Tg, 146-176 C); these are different kinds of variables (a frequency-domain electrical response versus a temperature-domain structural transition), so the pair cannot be used to claim anything about how dielectric constant behaves as temperature is raised toward or through Tg -- that would require a temperature sweep of the dielectric constant, which is not part of either observation.


THE PARAGRAPH
Step 1 opens with two measurements taken together: FTIR bands at 2930, 2864 and 1122 cm-1 appearing only in the BST-SH spectrum, read as evidence of a covalently grafted MPTMS layer (Si-O, CH2) on the BST particles, and a DSC series showing Tg at 176 C for neat PAEN falling to 146, 149, 157 C for BST@Ag at 1, 3, 5% Ag. Together these support that the silane-grafted, Ag-loaded filler changes the composite's glass transition relative to the unfilled resin. Step 2 needed that conclusion as its baseline because it supplies the only established composition-dependent result (the four Tg values) against which a new measurement can be judged. The new measurement -- dielectric constant declining only ~10% from 100 Hz to 1 MHz for every sample -- is placed beside the Tg series and shows a contrast: Tg varies with filler loading, but the frequency-dependent dielectric trend does not differ across compositions. The step still carries forward step 1's limits: the grafting-versus-Ag-content confound is unresolved, there is no per-sample dielectric number to pair quantitatively with the four Tg values, no dose-response is established, and because one measurement is frequency-domain and the other temperature-domain, nothing can be concluded about how dielectric constant behaves as temperature approaches Tg.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}