A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (XAS:NEXAFS): N 1s NEXAFS shows sharp features near 398 and 401 eV for CnC HS and none for C HS
  measurement B (XAS:NEXAFS): After zinc deposition the ~398 eV N 1s feature collapses and the ~401 eV feature becomes the taller of the two
  what it concluded: Taken together, A and B show that the two nitrogen-specific N 1s NEXAFS features (near 398 and 401 eV) that distinguish CnC HS from C HS are not static: after zinc deposition the ~398 eV feature collapses while the ~401 eV feature becomes the taller of the two. This links the nitrogen species identified by A (present only in CnC HS, absent in C HS) to a spectral response that occurs specifically upon zinc deposition (B), i.e. the nitrogen's local chemical environment changes in a way that tracks the zinc-plating step, in the material that contains nitrogen at all.

STEP 2
  handed in: Taken together, A and B show that the two nitrogen-specific N 1s NEXAFS features (near 398 and 401 eV) that distinguish CnC HS from C HS are not static: after zinc deposition the ~398 eV feature collapses while the ~401 eV feature becomes the taller of the two. This links the nitrogen species identified by A (present only in CnC HS, absent in C HS) to a spectral response that occurs specifically upon zinc deposition (B), i.e. the nitrogen's local chemical environment changes in a way that tracks the zinc-plating step, in the material that contains nitrogen at all.
  new measurement (None): Zinc on CnC HS is a largely flat deposit with sparse protruding platelets; on C HS the surface is a dense mat of sharp platelets
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about STR/microstructure/shape that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Putting the settled nitrogen-spectral result (n12) together with the zinc morphology observation (F3d/F3e) shows that CnC HS -- the same sample identified as containing the nitrogen species whose 398/401 eV NEXAFS features shift specifically upon zinc deposition -- is also the sample on which plated zinc forms a largely flat, sparsely-platelet-covered deposit, whereas C HS -- the sample lacking the nitrogen features and lacking the spectral shift -- is the one on which zinc forms a dense mat of sharp platelets. The pairing therefore establishes that the nitrogen-linked electronic/chemical change and the more planar, compact zinc morphology co-occur in the same material, distinguishing CnC HS from C HS on both the spectral and the morphological axis at once.
  qualification: Does not establish that the nitrogen chemical-environment change causes the flatter, more compact zinc morphology; it only shows the two differences co-occur in the same sample comparison (CnC HS vs C HS), not that one produces the other.
  qualification: Does not rule out other structural, compositional, or textural differences between CnC HS and C HS (unrelated to the nitrogen species) as the actual driver of the morphology difference.
  qualification: Inherits the earlier result's qualifications: the specific pyridinic/graphitic chemical-state labels and any direct Zn-N bond are the paper's interpretation, not something the panels themselves establish, so a mechanistic link from the nitrogen state specifically to the morphology cannot be read off these observations.
  qualification: Neither observation is quantified: the spectral side is peak presence/relative-height ranking and the morphology side is a qualitative description of deposit density and platelet sharpness (F3d/F3e); no coverage, amount, or size is measured on either side.

STEP 3
  handed in: Putting the settled nitrogen-spectral result (n12) together with the zinc morphology observation (F3d/F3e) shows that CnC HS -- the same sample identified as containing the nitrogen species whose 398/401 eV NEXAFS features shift specifically upon zinc deposition -- is also the sample on which plated zinc forms a largely flat, sparsely-platelet-covered deposit, whereas C HS -- the sample lacking the nitrogen features and lacking the spectral shift -- is the one on which zinc forms a dense mat of sharp platelets. The pairing therefore establishes that the nitrogen-linked electronic/chemical change and the more planar, compact zinc morphology co-occur in the same material, distinguishing CnC HS from C HS on both the spectral and the morphological axis at once.
  new measurement (None): Nucleation overpotentials of 39 mV and 43 mV are marked on the two initial discharge profiles
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the earlier co-occurrence result (nitrogen-spectral shift plus flatter/sparser zinc morphology in CnC HS vs. the dense sharp-platelet mat in C HS) and the nucleation-overpotential values (39 mV on CnC HS vs. 43 mV on C HS, from F4d) show that the sample with the lower nucleation overpotential is the very same sample that carries both the nitrogen-linked spectral shift and the flatter, more compact zinc morphology. This extends the established co-occurrence from two axes (spectral, morphological) to three: the nitrogen-chemistry difference, the morphology difference, and the nucleation-overpotential difference all track together across the same two-sample comparison (CnC HS vs. C HS).
  qualification: Does not show that the nitrogen chemical-environment change, or the flatter morphology, causes the lower nucleation overpotential (or vice versa); it only adds a third co-occurring variable to the same two-sample comparison.
  qualification: Does not rule out other structural, compositional, or textural differences between CnC HS and C HS (unrelated to nitrogen species or morphology) as the actual driver of the overpotential difference.
  qualification: Only two samples/values are compared (39 mV vs 43 mV on two initial discharge profiles), which supports an ordering (CnC HS lower than C HS) but not a quantitative relationship or trend.
  qualification: Inherits the earlier result's qualifications: the pyridinic/graphitic chemical-state labels and any Zn-N bond are interpretive, not established by the panels; no coverage, amount, or size is measured on the morphology side; the overpotential values are read only at nucleation on the initial cycle, not across cycling or current density.

STEP 4
  handed in: Read together, the earlier co-occurrence result (nitrogen-spectral shift plus flatter/sparser zinc morphology in CnC HS vs. the dense sharp-platelet mat in C HS) and the nucleation-overpotential values (39 mV on CnC HS vs. 43 mV on C HS, from F4d) show that the sample with the lower nucleation overpotential is the very same sample that carries both the nitrogen-linked spectral shift and the flatter, more compact zinc morphology. This extends the established co-occurrence from two axes (spectral, morphological) to three: the nitrogen-chemistry difference, the morphology difference, and the nucleation-overpotential difference all track together across the same two-sample comparison (CnC HS vs. C HS).
  new measurement (None): C HS voltage spikes grow from ~2600 min and its trace ends near 4400 min at the 'C HS battery failure' arrow, while CnC HS stays within ~0.03 V to 7100 min
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRF/service_capability that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the three-way co-occurrence already established (nitrogen-spectral shift, flatter/sparser morphology, and lower nucleation overpotential of 39 mV, all on CnC HS vs 43 mV on C HS) and the long-term cycling behavior (C HS voltage spikes growing from ~2600 min and failing near 4400 min, while CnC HS stays within ~0.03 V out to 7100 min) show that the same sample carrying the lower nucleation overpotential, the nitrogen-linked spectral shift, and the flatter morphology is also the sample that sustains stable, low-noise cycling far longer before failure. This extends the established co-occurrence to a fourth axis, in the same two-sample comparison: nucleation-overpotential ordering, nitrogen-chemistry difference, morphology difference, and cycling-life ordering all track together across CnC HS vs C HS.
  qualification: Does not show that the lower nucleation overpotential, the nitrogen-chemistry difference, or the flatter morphology causes the longer cycling life (or vice versa); it only adds a fourth co-occurring variable to the same two-sample comparison.
  qualification: Does not rule out other structural, compositional, or textural differences between CnC HS and C HS as the actual driver of the cycling-life difference.
  qualification: Only two samples/traces are compared, which supports an ordering (CnC HS outlasting C HS) but not a quantitative or dose-like relationship between overpotential magnitude and cycling life.
  qualification: The two quantities being tracked are of different kinds: nucleation overpotential is a single early-cycle value (mV) while cycling stability is a cumulative, long-duration outcome (minutes to instability/failure), so their co-tracking is a pairing of orderings, not a measured functional relationship.
  qualification: Inherits all qualifications of the earlier result: the pyridinic/graphitic chemical-state labels and any Zn-N bond remain interpretive, no coverage/amount/size is measured for morphology, and the overpotential values are read only at nucleation on the initial cycle, not across cycling or current density.

STEP 5
  handed in: Read together, the three-way co-occurrence already established (nitrogen-spectral shift, flatter/sparser morphology, and lower nucleation overpotential of 39 mV, all on CnC HS vs 43 mV on C HS) and the long-term cycling behavior (C HS voltage spikes growing from ~2600 min and failing near 4400 min, while CnC HS stays within ~0.03 V out to 7100 min) show that the same sample carrying the lower nucleation overpotential, the nitrogen-linked spectral shift, and the flatter morphology is also the sample that sustains stable, low-noise cycling far longer before failure. This extends the established co-occurrence to a fourth axis, in the same two-sample comparison: nucleation-overpotential ordering, nitrogen-chemistry difference, morphology difference, and cycling-life ordering all track together across CnC HS vs C HS.
  new measurement (None): A cell stack wired to a multimeter powers a switched-on mobile phone
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRF/service_capability that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Taken together, the lab-scale comparison (A) and the device demonstration (B) show a trajectory from material-level characterization to a working device: the same line of work that established CnC HS's lower nucleation overpotential, nitrogen-linked chemistry, flatter morphology, and longer stable cycling relative to C HS is carried forward into a cell stack that is shown to be functionally capable of powering a mobile phone. The pairing licenses only the claim that lab-characterized material advantages are followed, in the paper's narrative, by a demonstration of real device operation -- not that the device's function is caused by, explained by, or quantitatively tied to those lab-measured properties.
  qualification: Does not show that the phone-powering capability is caused by, or quantitatively related to, the lower nucleation overpotential (39 mV vs 43 mV), the nitrogen-linked chemistry, or the flatter morphology established in A
  qualification: Does not identify which material composes the stack in B or whether a C HS-based stack would fail to power the phone, so no comparative or discriminating claim between the two samples is licensed at the device level
  qualification: Does not quantify duration, capacity retention, or cycle count for the phone-powering demonstration; B is a single-instant functional demo (powered or not), not a measured amount or rate
  qualification: Does not extend the two-sample lab ordering of nucleation overpotential (mV) against cycling-life-to-failure (minutes) into any measured functional relationship with the device-level demonstration
  qualification: Inherits the limits of A: only two samples/traces were compared in the lab result, no causal mechanism was established there, the chemical-state labels remain interpretive, and morphology was never quantified


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts with two NEXAFS measurements: sharp N 1s features near 398 and 401 eV appear only in CnC HS, not C HS, and after zinc deposition the 398 eV feature collapses while the 401 eV feature grows taller. Together these show the nitrogen species specific to CnC HS undergoes a chemical-environment change that tracks zinc plating. Step 2 needed that sample identity to interpret a new morphology measurement (flat, sparse zinc platelets on CnC HS versus a dense sharp-platelet mat on C HS): it could now say the nitrogen-linked spectral shift and the flatter morphology occur in the same sample. Step 3 needed that two-axis pairing to place a new measurement, nucleation overpotentials of 39 mV (CnC HS) versus 43 mV (C HS), onto the same two-sample comparison, extending co-occurrence to three axes. Step 4 needed that three-way result to add long-term cycling data (C HS spiking and failing near 4400 min, CnC HS stable to 7100 min) as a fourth co-occurring axis, still only an ordering, not a causal link. Step 5 needed that four-way lab result to place a final measurement, a cell stack powering a phone, as a narrative continuation from characterization to device demonstration, without tying the device's function back to any specific lab-measured property.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}