A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (XAS:NEXAFS): After zinc deposition the ~398 eV N 1s feature collapses and the ~401 eV feature becomes the taller of the two
  measurement B (RAMAN): The ~1200 cm-1 Raman feature weakens from the pristine trace at the top of the stack to the zinc-loaded trace at the bottom
  what it concluded: Together the two spectra show that zinc deposition is accompanied by a concurrent change in both the nitrogen electronic state (XAS N 1s: ~398 eV feature collapses, ~401 eV feature becomes dominant) and a vibrational/bonding-sensitive Raman feature (~1200 cm-1 weakens from pristine to zinc-loaded). Combining them gives convergent, cross-technique evidence that some chemistry/bonding change at or near nitrogen sites tracks with zinc loading -- a claim neither spectrum alone can support, since XAS alone only shows a shift among nitrogen chemical states without any vibrational corroboration, and Raman alone only shows a weakening of one feature without indicating that nitrogen electronic structure is involved.

STEP 2
  handed in: Together the two spectra show that zinc deposition is accompanied by a concurrent change in both the nitrogen electronic state (XAS N 1s: ~398 eV feature collapses, ~401 eV feature becomes dominant) and a vibrational/bonding-sensitive Raman feature (~1200 cm-1 weakens from pristine to zinc-loaded). Combining them gives convergent, cross-technique evidence that some chemistry/bonding change at or near nitrogen sites tracks with zinc loading -- a claim neither spectrum alone can support, since XAS alone only shows a shift among nitrogen chemical states without any vibrational corroboration, and Raman alone only shows a weakening of one feature without indicating that nitrogen electronic structure is involved.
  new measurement (None): The sharp 290.1 eV C 1s feature of pristine CnC HS is absent after zinc deposition, while the 284.9 and 288.3 eV features remain
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about MEC/identification that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the two results show that the zinc-associated change is not a uniform, lattice-wide perturbation of the carbon framework. Observation A established that N 1s electronic-state population and the 1200 cm-1 Raman feature both shift with zinc loading, but could not tell whether this reflected direct Zn-N bond formation at pyridinic sites or a general zinc-induced disturbance spread across the carbon lattice. Observation B shows the change at the carbon backbone is itself selective, not global: only the sharp 290.1 eV C 1s feature disappears after zinc deposition, while the 284.9 and 288.3 eV features are unaffected. Combining the two, the zinc-induced change tracked by A is accompanied by a spatially/chemically confined change in the carbon spectrum rather than a broad, nonspecific shift across all carbon environments -- disfavoring the 'general lattice perturbation' half of A's open alternative and favoring a localized, site-specific origin for the co-occurring N/vibrational change.
  qualification: Both comparisons remain pristine-vs-zinc-loaded, two-state snapshots (no loading series in either A or B), so neither establishes a pathway or dose-response, only that a localized change coincides with zinc treatment
  qualification: The node gives no chemical/bonding assignment for the 290.1 eV C 1s feature, so tying its disappearance specifically to pyridinic-nitrogen chemistry (rather than some other localized carbon environment) is not something the pairing itself states
  qualification: The 1200 cm-1 Raman mode's vibrational assignment is still unspecified (carried over from A), so the vibrational leg of the cross-technique convergence still cannot be tied to a Zn-N vibration specifically
  qualification: The selectivity shown in B narrows against a fully global/uniform lattice perturbation but does not by itself confirm that nitrogen is chemically involved in the site whose C 1s feature vanishes


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts from two spectra taken after zinc deposition: XAS shows the ~398 eV N 1s feature collapsing while the ~401 eV feature becomes dominant, and Raman shows the ~1200 cm-1 feature weakening from the pristine to the zinc-loaded trace. Neither alone says much—XAS only shows a shift among nitrogen states with no vibrational support, and Raman only shows one feature weakening with no link to nitrogen electronic structure—but together they give cross-technique evidence that some bonding change near nitrogen tracks with zinc loading. That combined result still left open whether the change was a specific Zn-N interaction or just a general disturbance spread across the whole carbon lattice, so the next step needed a measurement that could distinguish "localized" from "global." The new C 1s data supplies that: the sharp 290.1 eV feature disappears after zinc deposition while the 284.9 and 288.3 eV features are untouched, showing the carbon-backbone change is selective rather than uniform. Read against the first result, this disfavors the general-lattice-disturbance alternative and favors a localized, site-specific origin for the co-occurring N and Raman changes, though it still doesn't identify what the 290.1 eV feature is, tie the Raman mode to Zn-N specifically, or confirm nitrogen's direct chemical involvement at that site, and both comparisons remain single pristine-vs-loaded snapshots with no dose series.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}