A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (ATOM:DFT): Computed Delta G: CoCrOOH lowest for Co2+->Co3+, CoFeOOH lowest for Co3+->Co4+, CoFeCrOOH between, Co(OH)2 highest
  measurement B (EELS): Co L3 and L2 edges shift to higher loss and L2 grows from dry/VOC to 1.4 and 1.5 V
  what it concluded: Together, the DFT energetics (Observation A) and the EELS spectra (Observation B) provide convergent evidence that Co oxidation is thermodynamically favorable and does occur experimentally under anodic potential: DFT computes that CoCrOOH has the lowest Delta G for the Co2+->Co3+ step and CoFeOOH the lowest Delta G for the Co3+->Co4+ step (with CoFeCrOOH intermediate and Co(OH)2 highest for both), while EELS independently shows the Co L3/L2 edges shifting to higher energy loss and the L2 intensity growing as potential is raised from dry/open-circuit to 1.4 V and 1.5 V. The pairing lets the computed thermodynamic preference be read as corroborated by an experimental signature of increasing Co oxidation state with potential, rather than resting on either the calculation or the spectroscopy alone.

STEP 2
  handed in: Together, the DFT energetics (Observation A) and the EELS spectra (Observation B) provide convergent evidence that Co oxidation is thermodynamically favorable and does occur experimentally under anodic potential: DFT computes that CoCrOOH has the lowest Delta G for the Co2+->Co3+ step and CoFeOOH the lowest Delta G for the Co3+->Co4+ step (with CoFeCrOOH intermediate and Co(OH)2 highest for both), while EELS independently shows the Co L3/L2 edges shifting to higher energy loss and the L2 intensity growing as potential is raised from dry/open-circuit to 1.4 V and 1.5 V. The pairing lets the computed thermodynamic preference be read as corroborated by an experimental signature of increasing Co oxidation state with potential, rather than resting on either the calculation or the spectroscopy alone.
  new measurement (None): Neutral LSV: Co5Fe3Cr2 crosses 10 mA cm-2 first, eta10 = 452 mV; IrO2 later
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRF/service_capability that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Putting the earlier convergent Co-oxidation result (DFT thermodynamic favorability + EELS Co L3/L2 edge shift/L2 growth as anodic potential rises to 1.4-1.5 V) alongside the neutral-electrolyte LSV ranking (Co5Fe3Cr2 crosses 10 mA cm-2 first, eta10 = 452 mV, ahead of IrO2) permits only a weak, compatibility-level reading: the two findings occur in the same general regime (rising anodic potential associated with OER) and are not mutually contradictory, so it is consistent to say facilitated Co oxidation could be part of why this catalyst family performs well. Neither piece alone supports even this much: the DFT/EELS result alone says nothing about comparative OER activity or overpotential, and the LSV ranking alone says nothing about oxidation-state chemistry.
  qualification: The DFT/EELS evidence is composition-resolved only across CoCrOOH, CoFeOOH, CoFeCrOOH, and Co(OH)2, and the EELS signature itself is lumped (it does not distinguish the Co2+->Co3+ step from the Co3+->Co4+ step); nothing indicates this set matches or was tested on the specific Co5Fe3Cr2 catalyst that leads the LSV ranking, so the pairing cannot confirm that the oxidation behavior documented in Observation A is what occurs in the material of Observation B.
  qualification: The two sides are different kinds of quantities: computed step-wise thermodynamic energetics (Delta G) plus an experimental spectroscopic proxy for oxidation state, versus a kinetic/electrochemical performance metric (overpotential at a fixed current density, eta10 = 452 mV) measured in a different electrolyte context (neutral 0.5 M KHCO3) against IrO2 and other catalysts. Matching trends in one does not establish a quantitative or causal link to the other.
  qualification: There is no shared measurement tying oxidation-state change to activity for the same catalyst; the LSV result by itself only ranks eta10 values and cannot show that Co oxidation (rather than some other compositional or structural factor) is responsible for Co5Fe3Cr2 outperforming IrO2 and the other catalysts.


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts with two independent pieces of evidence at Step 1: DFT calculations (measurement A) computing the Delta G for cobalt oxidation steps across four compositions—lowest for CoCrOOH at Co2+->Co3+, lowest for CoFeOOH at Co3+->Co4+, CoFeCrOOH intermediate, Co(OH)2 highest—and EELS spectra (measurement B) showing the Co L3/L2 edges shift to higher energy loss with L2 growing as potential rises from dry/open-circuit to 1.4 and 1.5 V. Because these come from separate methods (calculation versus spectroscopy) yet point the same way, Step 1 concludes that Co oxidation is both thermodynamically favorable and experimentally occurring under anodic potential, a claim neither measurement could support alone. Step 2 needed that convergent result as its starting point because the new measurement—a neutral-electrolyte LSV ranking showing Co5Fe3Cr2 reaching 10 mA/cm2 first at eta10 = 452 mV, ahead of IrO2—says nothing by itself about oxidation-state chemistry; it is purely a kinetic performance number. Pairing it with Step 1's result only licenses a weak, compatibility-level reading: both findings sit in the same general anodic/OER regime, so it's consistent (not proven) that Co oxidation contributes to the catalyst's activity edge. It cannot go further because the DFT/EELS work wasn't shown to apply to Co5Fe3Cr2 specifically, the two sides measure different kinds of quantities (thermodynamic/spectroscopic proxy versus overpotential in a different electrolyte), and no single measurement ties oxidation state to activity in the same material.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}