A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (SEM): Zinc on CnC HS is a largely flat deposit with sparse protruding platelets; on C HS the surface is a dense mat of sharp platelets
  measurement B (ECHEM:coulombic_efficiency): CnC HS holds roughly 93-100% Coulombic efficiency to about 205 cycles; C HS data end near 50 cycles after falling to zero at ~40 and ~48
  what it concluded: Taken together, the SEM morphology contrast (flat/compact deposit with sparse platelets on CnC HS vs. a dense mat of sharp platelets on C HS) and the coulombic-efficiency cycling contrast (CnC HS sustaining ~93-100% CE to ~205 cycles vs. C HS collapsing to zero by ~40-48 cycles) together support that the rougher, sharp-platelet zinc morphology on C HS co-occurs with much earlier electrochemical failure, consistent with the planar/compact morphology on CnC HS supporting longer stable cycling.

STEP 2
  handed in: Taken together, the SEM morphology contrast (flat/compact deposit with sparse platelets on CnC HS vs. a dense mat of sharp platelets on C HS) and the coulombic-efficiency cycling contrast (CnC HS sustaining ~93-100% CE to ~205 cycles vs. C HS collapsing to zero by ~40-48 cycles) together support that the rougher, sharp-platelet zinc morphology on C HS co-occurs with much earlier electrochemical failure, consistent with the planar/compact morphology on CnC HS supporting longer stable cycling.
  new measurement (None): Charge and discharge capacity fall from about 1.0 to about 0.9 mAh over 500 cycles and the 1st and 100th cycle profiles nearly overlap
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRF/service_capability that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Putting A's morphology-CE correlation (compact/sparse-platelet CnC HS sustaining ~93-100% CE to ~205 cycles vs sharp-platelet C HS collapsing by ~40-48 cycles) together with B's longer cycling record (capacity falling only from about 1.0 to about 0.9 mAh over 500 cycles, with 1st and 100th cycle profiles nearly overlapping) supports that the stability advantage already tied to the compact CnC HS morphology in A extends well past the ~205-cycle window into a much longer, near-steady cycling regime, since B shows the same kind of sustained, low-loss behavior continuing out to 500 cycles.
  qualification: B contains no C HS comparator, so it is a single-arm extension of the CnC HS side only, not a repeat of A's paired contrast at 500 cycles
  qualification: The metric changes kind: A's CE (~93-100%, a per-cycle rate/efficiency measure) is not the same kind of quantity as B's capacity in mAh (a cumulative/absolute amount), so the two windows cannot be directly equated as one continuous trend
  qualification: B's test context is not shown to be the identical setup as A's CE cycling test (A's qualifications already flag that the CnC HS vs C HS pairing does not rule out other substrate differences), so any additional factors specific to B's longer test cannot be excluded as contributors
  qualification: Even together, the two do not establish a dose-response relationship between degree of morphology roughness and degree of capacity loss, since only one morphology condition (CnC HS) appears in B


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts from two paired measurements on the same two substrates. SEM shows CnC HS carrying a flat, compact zinc deposit with only sparse protruding platelets, while C HS is covered in a dense mat of sharp platelets. Coulombic-efficiency cycling shows CnC HS holding roughly 93-100% CE out to about 205 cycles, while C HS collapses to zero by around 40-48 cycles. Together these support that the rougher, sharp-platelet morphology on C HS co-occurs with much earlier failure, and the compact CnC HS morphology co-occurs with longer stable cycling. Step 2 needed that paired result as its basis, because the new measurement only reports one arm: capacity falling from about 1.0 to about 0.9 mAh over 500 cycles, with the 1st and 100th cycle profiles nearly overlapping. Read against the established CnC HS/C HS contrast, this longer, low-loss record is taken as extending the same kind of sustained behavior already tied to CnC HS's compact morphology past the ~205-cycle window and out to 500 cycles. But the new step still leaves open a direct extension of the paired contrast, since it has no C HS comparator, uses a different kind of metric (cumulative capacity in mAh rather than per-cycle CE), does not confirm an identical test setup, and does not establish any dose-response between morphology roughness and capacity loss.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}