A chain of reasoning attached qualifications to its intermediate results. The question is whether the chain's final conclusion still respects them.

THE QUALIFICATIONS, in the order the chain attached them
1. [step 1] Obs A varies concentration and power density in a controlled solution/cuvette setting; Obs B is a single in vivo comparison (BNs-BSA present vs absent as PBS) with no variation of concentration or power density in the tumour, so the dose/power dependence shown in A is not directly verified to hold inside tumour tissue.
2. [step 1] The two panels compare different things: A compares graded doses/power of the same material against each other, while B compares a fixed formulation against a vehicle control (PBS) -- not a dose-response series in vivo.
3. [step 1] The in vivo temperature difference in B could partly reflect factors not measured in either panel (blood perfusion/heat dissipation, tissue optical absorption, biodistribution or tumour accumulation of the nanomaterial) rather than the photothermal conversion property alone.
4. [step 1] The two measurements are taken at slightly different windows (6 min in A vs 5 min in B), so they are not read from matched timepoints.
5. [step 2] Neither panel varies concentration or power density inside the tumour, and B does not report a dose-response series either, so the graded photothermal relationship from A is not shown to predict the magnitude or durability of tumour control in B
6. [step 2] The 808 nm-only versus dual-laser (660/808 nm) conditions in B differ in more than one way at once: they add a second wavelength/modality and likely add total delivered energy, so the comparison cannot separate whether durable eradication comes from an added photodynamic (PDT) mechanism or simply from more total heating/energy exposure
7. [step 2] B's outcome (tumour volume at/near zero vs regrowth after ~day 14) is a longitudinal treatment-response readout, not a temperature measurement, so it cannot directly confirm that the specific photothermal conversion property from A is what differs between the two laser regimens
8. [step 2] The confounds already noted for A and B individually (perfusion/heat dissipation, tissue optical absorption, biodistribution, mismatched timepoints of 5-6 min) still apply and are not resolved by adding B

THE CHAIN'S FINAL CONCLUSION
Read together with the earlier result (photothermal conversion capacity in solution is the basis for the BNs-BSA vs PBS tumour temperature gap under 808 nm light), the individual tumour curves in F5d indicate that the photothermal heating mechanism established in A is sufficient to produce an initial thermal/anti-tumour response but not, by itself, durable eradication: under 808 nm alone (photothermal effect only) four of five tumours regrow after about day 14, whereas adding the 660 nm laser (BNs-BSA+Lasers, combined regimen) keeps all five tumours at zero. Together the two pieces support that the heating capacity documented in A explains the acute response but that durable tumour control tracks with the added laser/modality rather than with photothermal heating alone.

For each qualification, rule how the final conclusion stands towards it:

  respects      the final conclusion stays inside the qualification, or restates it, or is about
                something the qualification does not touch while not overreaching it.
  ignores       the final conclusion asserts something the qualification says the evidence
                cannot support, without acknowledging it.
  contradicts   the final conclusion asserts the opposite of the qualification.

Quote the words of the final conclusion that decide each ruling. If you cannot quote anything, the ruling is "respects".

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"rulings": [{"n": 1, "verdict": "respects" | "ignores" | "contradicts", "quote": "...", "why": "at most 30 words"}, ...]}