A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (EBSD:misorientation): Orientation change per interval is ~4.3-11 deg at 5 cycles in Al2O3-YSZ, falling to ~1 deg by 20 cycles, versus 0.7-2.3 deg throughout for YSZ
  measurement B (SEM): YSZ crack network in the same field looks unchanged between the two views
  what it concluded: Putting the EBSD and SEM readings together shows that YSZ, the material with the smaller and more stable per-interval misorientation (0.7-2.3 deg across all cycles, versus Al2O3-YSZ's 4.3-11 deg at 5 cycles falling to ~1 deg by 20 cycles), is also the material whose crack network appears unchanged between the two imaged views. The pair therefore supports a co-occurrence: low, stable orientation change tracks with an unchanged crack network in YSZ over this cycling range.

STEP 2
  handed in: Putting the EBSD and SEM readings together shows that YSZ, the material with the smaller and more stable per-interval misorientation (0.7-2.3 deg across all cycles, versus Al2O3-YSZ's 4.3-11 deg at 5 cycles falling to ~1 deg by 20 cycles), is also the material whose crack network appears unchanged between the two imaged views. The pair therefore supports a co-occurrence: low, stable orientation change tracks with an unchanged crack network in YSZ over this cycling range.
  new measurement (None): Coupon intact at 5 cycles; corners spalled at 10 cycles; spalled corners persist and grow slightly to 40 cycles
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRF/service_capability that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, A's Al2O3-YSZ misorientation trajectory (largest at 4.3-11 deg at 5 cycles, falling to ~1 deg by 20 cycles) and B's spallation timeline (coupon intact at 5 cycles, corners spalled at 10 cycles, spalled corners persisting and growing slightly to 40 cycles) show a temporal decoupling rather than a coincidence: the coupon is still macroscopically intact at the very cycle count where misorientation is at its highest measured value, visible spallation only appears afterward (between 5 and 10 cycles), and the spalled condition persists and worsens out to 40 cycles even though by 20 cycles the misorientation has already dropped to a YSZ-like low level (~1 deg). So the pair supports only a rough ordering in time -- peak misorientation precedes, rather than coincides with, the onset of macroscopic damage -- and shows that once damage appears it does not track the subsequent decline in misorientation.
  qualification: B is a qualitative, macroscopic visual assessment (intact vs. spalled corners) rather than a crack-length, crack-density, or crack-network measurement, so it cannot be matched quantitatively to the degree-valued misorientation numbers in A, nor equated with the SEM crack-network reading A used for YSZ
  qualification: No matched macroscopic spallation record for YSZ is given in B, so whether YSZ's low, stable misorientation and unchanged crack network (from A) actually correspond to freedom from spallation cannot be determined from this pair
  qualification: Only two materials exist in this comparison and composition (presence of Al2O3) covaries by construction with misorientation magnitude, so any apparent link between the misorientation trend and the timing/persistence of spallation in Al2O3-YSZ cannot be separated from other composition-linked differences between the two coatings
  qualification: The evidence spans only a handful of cycle counts (5, 10, 20, 40) with a single qualitative state change (intact to spalled) recorded once, which is too little to support a dose-response or mechanistic relationship between misorientation magnitude and spallation; it supports only a coarse temporal ordering


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts from two measurements on the same field of view: EBSD misorientation (A), where Al2O3-YSZ per-interval orientation change starts high at 4.3-11 deg at 5 cycles and falls to ~1 deg by 20 cycles, while YSZ stays low and stable at 0.7-2.3 deg throughout; and SEM (B), showing YSZ's crack network looking unchanged between the two views. Step 1 puts these together and gets only a co-occurrence in YSZ: low, stable misorientation goes along with an unchanged crack network - it needed both readings side by side because neither alone ties orientation behavior to crack appearance.

Step 2 needed that first result specifically for its Al2O3-YSZ misorientation trajectory (the 5-cycle peak falling to ~1 deg by 20 cycles), and combines it with a new, unrelated measurement: a macroscopic spallation timeline - coupon intact at 5 cycles, corners spalled at 10 cycles, and spalled corners persisting and growing slightly to 40 cycles. Combining the two settles a temporal ordering: peak misorientation happens before visible spallation appears, and spallation keeps worsening even after misorientation has already dropped to a low level by 20 cycles, so damage does not track the later decline in misorientation. The step stops short of anything more than this coarse ordering, given the qualitative nature of the spallation reading, missing YSZ spallation data, confounded composition, and sparse cycle sampling.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}