A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (XRD): Milled C10 pattern reproduces the C0 reflections (CeMg12, Y5Mg24, Ce2Mg17, Mg), with only a weak extra Co line (5) at ~44.5 deg
  measurement B (TEM:SAED): SAED of milled C10: rings indexed Ce2Mg17 (306), Co (111), Y5Mg24 (330), CeMg12 (202)
  what it concluded: XRD (bulk powder pattern) and TEM/SAED (local nanoscale diffraction) independently index the same set of phases in milled C10 -- CeMg12, Y5Mg24, Ce2Mg17, Mg from XRD, and Ce2Mg17, Co, Y5Mg24, CeMg12 from SAED rings -- and the weak extra XRD line at ~44.5 deg is corroborated as a distinct Co phase by the separate Co (111) SAED ring. Together, a bulk-averaged technique and a local, spatially-resolved technique agree that Co appears only as its own separate crystalline phase alongside the unchanged C0 alloy phases, with no new reflections or rings indicating a Co-alloy reaction product. Cross-validation across the two techniques makes the 'Co stays a distinct phase, no new phase formed' reading more secure than either pattern would support alone.

STEP 2
  handed in: XRD (bulk powder pattern) and TEM/SAED (local nanoscale diffraction) independently index the same set of phases in milled C10 -- CeMg12, Y5Mg24, Ce2Mg17, Mg from XRD, and Ce2Mg17, Co, Y5Mg24, CeMg12 from SAED rings -- and the weak extra XRD line at ~44.5 deg is corroborated as a distinct Co phase by the separate Co (111) SAED ring. Together, a bulk-averaged technique and a local, spatially-resolved technique agree that Co appears only as its own separate crystalline phase alongside the unchanged C0 alloy phases, with no new reflections or rings indicating a Co-alloy reaction product. Cross-validation across the two techniques makes the 'Co stays a distinct phase, no new phase formed' reading more secure than either pattern would support alone.
  new measurement (None): PCT at 320-360 C: one flat plateau per temperature; C10 plateaus lie at nearly the same pressures as C0 (~0.15, 0.27, 0.45 MPa)
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the phase-identity finding (Co remains only a separate, unreacted crystalline phase alongside the unchanged C0 phases in milled C10, with no new Co-alloy reflections/rings) and the PCT finding (C10 plateau pressures at 320-360 C fall at nearly the same values as C0, ~0.15, 0.27, 0.45 MPa) are mutually consistent across two independent measurement domains: structural and thermodynamic. Neither alone would show this consistency -- the phase data say nothing about hydrogen equilibrium behavior, and the matching plateaus alone would not indicate whether the match reflects true structural non-interaction or is coincidental. Together they support that Co, present only as a segregated additive phase, does not perturb the intrinsic hydrogen-equilibrium thermodynamics of the host Mg-alloy phases in the milled (pre-cycling) state.
  qualification: Plateau pressure is an equilibrium/thermodynamic quantity, not a kinetic one; the pair says nothing about absorption/desorption rates or any catalytic effect Co might have, which is a different kind of question from thermodynamics
  qualification: Per the qualifications on the phase-identity result, undetected interdiffusion, amorphous interfacial layers, or highly dispersed/minor reaction product could exist without producing a new reflection/ring and without necessarily shifting a bulk plateau pressure detectably -- the combination cannot rule this out, only note that neither method found evidence of it
  qualification: Only three (temperature, pressure) points are compared (320-360 C against ~0.15, 0.27, 0.45 MPa); this is too few to establish a full thermodynamic equivalence, only a rough match at those points
  qualification: The phase-identity result is stated only for the milled C10 state (not after de/hydrogenation cycling), so the combined claim likewise applies only to that pre-cycling condition and says nothing about phase or thermodynamic behavior after cycling


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts with two diffraction measurements on milled C10: bulk XRD shows the normal C0 reflections (CeMg12, Y5Mg24, Ce2Mg17, Mg) plus one weak extra line near 44.5 degrees, while local TEM/SAED shows rings indexing the same host phases plus a separate Co ring. Neither reading alone would settle whether that weak XRD line was a real, distinct Co phase: XRD is bulk-averaged and the line is faint, and SAED is only local. Put together, the two techniques cross-validate each other, so step 1 concludes Co sits as its own separate crystalline phase next to the unchanged C0 phases, with no new reaction product. Step 2 then adds PCT curves at 320-360 C, where C10 plateau pressures (~0.15, 0.27, 0.45 MPa) nearly match C0. This measurement needed the step 1 result because PCT alone is a thermodynamic, not structural, reading -- a plateau match could be coincidental without knowing what phases are actually present. Knowing Co is a segregated, unreacted phase lets the matching plateaus be read as showing that segregated Co does not perturb the host alloy's hydrogen-equilibrium thermodynamics, at least in the milled, pre-cycling state, and only regarding equilibrium pressure rather than kinetics.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}