A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (SEM:EDS): EDS map: C (blue) and Co (red) signals lie on particle surfaces, densest along edges and on some faces
  measurement B (TEM:HRTEM): HRTEM of milled C10: CeMg12 (202) 0.258 nm and Y5Mg24 (330) 0.265 nm fringes next to an amorphous band and curved carbon layers (0.386 nm) at the edge
  what it concluded: EDS establishes where C and Co signals sit at the particle scale (concentrated on surfaces, densest along edges and some faces), while HRTEM establishes what is locally present at one such edge region at atomic resolution: crystalline alloy fringes (CeMg12 0.258 nm, Y5Mg24 0.265 nm) sitting next to an amorphous band and curved carbon layers (0.386 nm). Together they corroborate that the C-rich surface signal in the EDS map corresponds to an actual carbon phase (curved carbon layers) located at particle edges next to the alloy grains, i.e. carbon coats/sits on the alloy particle surface.

STEP 2
  handed in: EDS establishes where C and Co signals sit at the particle scale (concentrated on surfaces, densest along edges and some faces), while HRTEM establishes what is locally present at one such edge region at atomic resolution: crystalline alloy fringes (CeMg12 0.258 nm, Y5Mg24 0.265 nm) sitting next to an amorphous band and curved carbon layers (0.386 nm). Together they corroborate that the C-rich surface signal in the EDS map corresponds to an actual carbon phase (curved carbon layers) located at particle edges next to the alloy grains, i.e. carbon coats/sits on the alloy particle surface.
  new measurement (None): Second (diffusion-controlled) absorption stage lasts 66 min for C0 and 11 min for C10 at 360 C
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the structural corroboration that a curved-carbon phase coats the alloy particle surface at particle edges (established via EDS+HRTEM) and the kinetic finding that the diffusion-controlled second absorption stage finishes far faster in C10 (11 min) than in C0 (66 min) at 360 C jointly support a plausible structure-to-kinetics correspondence: the carbon coating sits exactly where diffusion into/through the particle would occur, so its presence is spatially consistent with, and could plausibly contribute to, the markedly shortened diffusion-controlled stage seen in the carbon-coated sample. Neither piece alone supports this link -- the structural result (A) says nothing about absorption timing, and the kinetic result (B) says nothing about where or what carbon phase is present.
  qualification: The HRTEM basis for the structural side is a single local edge region of one milled C10 particle, not shown representative of every surface where carbon sits, so the 'coating explains faster diffusion' picture rests on one local observation, not a particle-wide structural survey
  qualification: EDS's coarse areal resolution versus HRTEM's atomic resolution means the location pairing is only qualitative, so it cannot be tied quantitatively to the 66 min vs 11 min timing difference
  qualification: No Co-containing lattice fringe is reported alongside the carbon layers, so the combination does not show Co dispersed atomically within/near the carbon in a way that could mechanistically explain the diffusion speed-up -- only that C and Co signals co-locate at the coarser EDS scale
  qualification: The two observations are different kinds of quantity: A is a qualitative structural/spatial description (lattice-fringe spacings, edge location) with no rate or time attached, while B is a single-temperature timing measurement (duration in minutes at 360 C) with no structural content -- there is no shared quantitative axis linking them, only a narrative correspondence
  qualification: Only two time values at one temperature (66 min for C0, 11 min for C10 at 360 C) are available, which supports an ordering (C10 faster) but not a dose-response or mechanistic relationship between amount/location of carbon and diffusion time
  qualification: B's 360 C diffusion-stage timing is a different metric and temperature window from the paper's headline R10min comparison at 250-100 C, so this combination does not extend to or confirm that separate claim


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts from two measurements taken together. The EDS map shows C and Co signals concentrated on particle surfaces, densest along edges and some faces, telling us where these elements sit at the particle scale but nothing about their atomic-scale form. The HRTEM image of milled C10 then zooms into one such edge and shows crystalline CeMg12 (0.258 nm) and Y5Mg24 (0.265 nm) alloy fringes next to an amorphous band and curved carbon layers (0.386 nm), giving atomic-resolution content but only for one local spot. Combined, they support that the C-rich EDS surface signal corresponds to an actual curved-carbon phase coating the alloy particle at its edges, next to alloy grains -- neither measurement alone establishes this, since EDS lacks atomic detail and HRTEM lacks particle-wide spatial context. Step 2 then adds the kinetic measurement that the diffusion-controlled second absorption stage lasts 66 min for C0 versus 11 min for C10 at 360 C. Needing the structural result to interpret it, this timing is read alongside the carbon-coating finding to suggest the coating's location matches where diffusion would occur, making it spatially consistent with the faster C10 kinetics, though not proven to cause it, since the structural evidence is one local observation and the timing is only two values at one temperature.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}