A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (SEM:EDS): EDS map: C (blue) and Co (red) signals lie on particle surfaces, densest along edges and on some faces
  measurement B (TEM:HRTEM): HRTEM of milled C10: CeMg12 (202) 0.258 nm and Y5Mg24 (330) 0.265 nm fringes next to an amorphous band and curved carbon layers (0.386 nm) at the edge
  what it concluded: EDS establishes where C and Co signals sit at the particle scale (concentrated on surfaces, densest along edges and some faces), while HRTEM establishes what is locally present at one such edge region at atomic resolution: crystalline alloy fringes (CeMg12 0.258 nm, Y5Mg24 0.265 nm) sitting next to an amorphous band and curved carbon layers (0.386 nm). Together they corroborate that the C-rich surface signal in the EDS map corresponds to an actual carbon phase (curved carbon layers) located at particle edges next to the alloy grains, i.e. carbon coats/sits on the alloy particle surface.

STEP 2
  handed in: EDS establishes where C and Co signals sit at the particle scale (concentrated on surfaces, densest along edges and some faces), while HRTEM establishes what is locally present at one such edge region at atomic resolution: crystalline alloy fringes (CeMg12 0.258 nm, Y5Mg24 0.265 nm) sitting next to an amorphous band and curved carbon layers (0.386 nm). Together they corroborate that the C-rich surface signal in the EDS map corresponds to an actual carbon phase (curved carbon layers) located at particle edges next to the alloy grains, i.e. carbon coats/sits on the alloy particle surface.
  new measurement (None): JMAK plots of desorption are linear (R2 > 0.98) with eta = 1.59 (C0) and 1.32 (C10)
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/diagnostic that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the microstructural corroboration (carbon curved-layer phase confirmed at alloy particle edges in C10, per EDS+HRTEM) and the JMAK kinetic result (eta falls from 1.59 in C0 to 1.32 in C10, both fits linear with R2>0.98) support the idea that the carbon phase associated with C10 processing coincides with a change in the apparent nucleation/growth character of the desorption transformation -- i.e., the presence of the surface carbon layer in C10 tracks with a lower Avrami exponent than the carbon-free C0 case. Neither piece alone supports this: the HRTEM/EDS result by itself says nothing about desorption kinetics, and the JMAK eta values by themselves say nothing about what physical feature in C10 differs from C0.
  qualification: The comparison is only two samples (C0 vs C10), so it establishes an ordering (eta lower where carbon phase is documented) but not a dose-response or statistically robust relationship between carbon coating and eta.
  qualification: The HRTEM/EDS work was reported for a single local edge region of one milled C10 particle (per the cited qualifications), not shown representative of the whole C10 sample, so the link to a bulk kinetic exponent measured over the whole sample is only qualitative.
  qualification: The two observations are different kinds of evidence (structural/spatial identification vs. a kinetic exponent from bulk desorption data) and are not connected by any stated model translating carbon-layer location into an expected eta value; the pairing therefore corroborates a qualitative association, not a quantified mechanistic link.
  qualification: No Co-containing lattice fringe was reported in the HRTEM data, so the combination says nothing about how (or whether) Co dispersion contributes to the kinetic change; only the carbon phase's presence/location is corroborated.
  qualification: C10 processing (milling with carbon) inherently changes more than carbon content -- e.g., particle/grain refinement from milling -- and the carbon phase and any such refinement occur together by construction in the same sample, so the pair cannot attribute the eta decrease specifically to the carbon coating as opposed to other co-occurring milling effects.


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts with two measurements at different scales on the same milled C10 particles. EDS mapping shows where C and Co signals sit -- concentrated on surfaces, densest along edges and some faces -- but this location data alone cannot say what physical phase is actually there. HRTEM supplies that missing structural identity at one such edge region: crystalline alloy fringes (CeMg12 0.258 nm, Y5Mg24 0.265 nm) sitting beside an amorphous band and curved carbon layers (0.386 nm). Combining the two was necessary because EDS gives no atomic-scale identity and HRTEM alone gives no sense of where its local view fits in the whole-particle picture; together they corroborate that the C-rich surface signal is an actual carbon phase coating the particle edges next to alloy grains. Step 2 then needed that corroborated carbon-phase finding to interpret a new, otherwise mute number: JMAK desorption plots are linear (R2>0.98) with eta falling from 1.59 in C0 to 1.32 in C10. The kinetic exponent alone says nothing about what differs physically between samples, and the microstructural result alone says nothing about kinetics; paired, they support an association between the documented carbon layer and a lower Avrami exponent, though only as a qualitative, two-sample link, not a proven cause.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}