A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (OPTICAL): Dark particles spread across the whole field in panels b-f, with a few local clusters
  measurement B (SEM): Bright particle features evenly spread over the X150 SEM field
  what it concluded: Two independent imaging modalities (optical microscopy across panels F1b-F1f and SEM at X150 magnification) converge on the same qualitative pattern: SiCp particles are broadly spread across the imaged field with occasional local clusters, rather than being confined to one region or showing gross segregation. Because the same dispersion pattern shows up under both optical contrast and SEM electron contrast, the pattern is unlikely to be an artifact specific to either technique (e.g., optical staining/contrast quirks or SEM charging/field-of-view bias), which strengthens confidence that the near-uniform dispersion with few agglomerates is a real microstructural feature rather than an imaging artifact.

STEP 2
  handed in: Two independent imaging modalities (optical microscopy across panels F1b-F1f and SEM at X150 magnification) converge on the same qualitative pattern: SiCp particles are broadly spread across the imaged field with occasional local clusters, rather than being confined to one region or showing gross segregation. Because the same dispersion pattern shows up under both optical contrast and SEM electron contrast, the pattern is unlikely to be an artifact specific to either technique (e.g., optical staining/contrast quirks or SEM charging/field-of-view bias), which strengthens confidence that the near-uniform dispersion with few agglomerates is a real microstructural feature rather than an imaging artifact.
  new measurement (None): Minimum creep rate vs applied stress: 15, 20, 25 wt% lie below AZ91; 5 and 10 wt% overlap or lie slightly above
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Because the dispersion pattern (near-uniform SiCp spread with occasional local clusters) is corroborated across two imaging modalities rather than being a technique artifact, it can be treated as a real feature of the composite microstructure that underlies the creep-tested material. Read together with the creep-rate result, this supports only that the lowered minimum creep rate seen at 175 C for 15, 20, 25 wt% (versus the near-AZ91 behavior at 5, 10 wt%) occurs in material whose reinforcement is genuinely dispersed rather than grossly segregated -- i.e., the creep trend is not an artifact of some sample having badly clustered/segregated particles that one imaging method alone might have missed.
  qualification: Observation A gives no wt%-specific breakdown of dispersion -- the imaged panels (F1b-f optical, SEM X150) are not tied to the 5/10/15/20/25 wt% loadings compared in B, so the pair cannot say dispersion quality differs across those loadings
  qualification: A supplies no quantitative uniformity metric (no clustering index or areal fraction), so it cannot be graded against the stress-dependent creep-rate curve in B to test whether more-uniform dispersion tracks with lower creep rate
  qualification: A does not identify the cause of the local clusters it does report, so any mechanistic link from cluster presence to the creep threshold between 10 and 15 wt% is unsupported
  qualification: B's ordering (15-25 wt% below AZ91; 5-10 wt% overlapping/slightly above) could equally be explained by particle content (wt% loading) alone, independent of any dispersion-quality difference, since A cannot rule this out


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts with two imaging measurements: optical microscopy showing dark particles spread across panels F1b-F1f with a few local clusters, and SEM at X150 showing bright particle features evenly spread. Because these are two independent imaging modalities agreeing on the same qualitative dispersion pattern, Step 1 concludes that the near-uniform SiCp dispersion with occasional clusters is a real microstructural feature rather than an artifact tied to one technique's contrast or bias -- the SEM result was needed to rule out that the optical pattern was just an optical quirk, and vice versa.

Step 2 then brings in a new, unrelated measurement: minimum creep rate versus applied stress, where 15, 20, and 25 wt% samples fall below AZ91 while 5 and 10 wt% overlap or sit slightly above. This needed the Step 1 conclusion because, without confidence that the dispersion pattern was real and not an imaging artifact, one could not treat the creep-tested material's microstructure as genuinely dispersed. Combining the two, the chain concludes only that the lowered creep rate at higher wt% loadings occurs in material whose reinforcement is genuinely dispersed, not that some samples secretly had badly segregated particles. It explicitly leaves open whether dispersion quality differs across the wt% loadings, whether dispersion uniformity tracks with creep rate, what causes the clusters, and whether wt% content alone (independent of dispersion) explains the creep ordering.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}