{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "The chain starts with two separate imaging checks: optical microscopy across panels F1b-F1f shows dark particles spread across the whole field with a few local clusters, and SEM at X150 shows bright particle features evenly spread over the field.", "supported": true, "quote": "Dark particles spread across the whole field in panels b-f, with a few local clusters (measurement A, OPTICAL); Bright particle features evenly spread over the X150 SEM field (measurement B, SEM)"}, {"n": 2, "sentence": "Because these are two independent techniques with different contrast mechanisms (optical staining/contrast versus SEM electron contrast/charging), their agreement rules out the dispersed pattern being a quirk of either method, establishing that the near-uniform SiCp dispersion with occasional clusters is a real microstructural feature rather than an artifact.", "supported": false, "quote": ""}, {"n": 3, "sentence": "Step 2 needed that confirmed, artifact-free dispersion result before it could mean anything, then added the yield strength data: YS rising roughly 93, 113, 124, 127, 136, 142 MPa across 0-25 wt% SiCp.", "supported": false, "quote": ""}, {"n": 4, "sentence": "Combining the two shows that the rising strength trend occurs alongside a microstructure that is broadly well-dispersed rather than grossly segregated, so the mechanical gains are not undermined by large-scale clustering.", "supported": true, "quote": "supports that the strengthening trend co-occurs with a microstructure that is broadly well-dispersed rather than grossly segregated -- i.e., the mechanical improvement is not undermined by large-scale clustering, only occasional local clusters alongside broad spread"}, {"n": 5, "sentence": "What the pairing cannot do: correlate uniformity with YS at each wt% level, match the qualitative visual dispersion evidence to the precise MPa measurements field-by-field, identify which strengthening mechanism drives the YS rise, or tie the imaged fields to the specific measured specimens.", "supported": true, "quote": "No quantitative uniformity metric exists to correlate against the YS values at each wt% level... The dispersion evidence (qualitative, visual...) and the YS evidence (a precise mechanical measurement in MPa across six wt% levels) are different kinds of quantity and are not matched field-by-field or wt%-by-wt%... The pair does not identify the mechanism responsible for the YS rise... No statistical link or repeat sampling ties the imaged fields to the specific specimens whose YS was measured"}]}

Notes on why sentences 2 and 3 were marked unsupported:

Sentence 2 upgrades the stored text's hedged language ("unlikely to be an artifact... strengthens confidence") into a definitive claim ("rules out... establishing that... is a real microstructural feature rather than an artifact"). The stored conclusion never reaches certainty; it only says confidence is strengthened, so the stronger verbs "rules out" and "establishing" are not carried by the text.

Sentence 3's clause "needed that confirmed, artifact-free dispersion result before it could mean anything" is an added narrative/causal framing about why Step 2 required Step 1's output — this framing is not stated anywhere in the stored texts (Step 2's entry just lists the handed-in result and new measurement without asserting a necessity condition). The numeric YS values themselves ("93, 113, 124, 127, 136, 142 MPa... 0-25 wt%") are directly supported by "YS bars rise ~93, 113, 124, 127, 136, 142 MPa for 0-25 wt% SiCp," but since the sentence as a whole includes the unsupported necessity claim, I marked the full sentence unsupported per the instruction to judge the sentence as asserted.