A chain of reasoning attached qualifications to its intermediate results. The question is whether the chain's final conclusion still respects them.

THE QUALIFICATIONS, in the order the chain attached them
1. [step 1] Does not establish which of lamella A or B corresponds to which named phase (FCC(L12) vs B2) -- that identification is not given by combining these two morphological/phase-distribution observations alone
2. [step 1] Does not establish volume fraction, lamellar spacing, or interface width quantitatively -- both observations are qualitative/morphological
3. [step 1] Does not establish representativity across the whole sample/casting, only across the fields of view captured in the TEM and EBSD panels cited (F1c, F1b)
4. [step 1] TEM (local, high resolution) and EBSD (broader field, lower resolution) are different kinds of observation (point/local micrograph vs. areal phase map), so agreement between them is a scale-consistency check, not an independent quantitative corroboration
5. [step 2] Does not identify which of the two lamella types (A or B) is the one developing mottled/line contrast versus the one staying featureless, because observation A explicitly leaves lamella-to-phase identity (FCC(L12) vs B2) undetermined, and observation B only distinguishes the two lamellae by their contrast appearance, not by phase name
6. [step 2] Only established at the 'first strain step' and only at the local site imaged (panel F3a); says nothing about whether this same selective response holds at other strain levels or elsewhere in the sample, consistent with A's own representativity limit (fields of view only)
7. [step 2] Does not quantify the amount or density of the mottled/line contrast, nor characterize its physical origin beyond visual description; the combination gives a qualitative presence/absence contrast difference, not a measured or mechanistically specified defect population
8. [step 2] Does not establish volume fraction, lamellar spacing, or interface width (a limit already carried over from observation A) and B adds no quantitative measure either

THE CHAIN'S FINAL CONCLUSION
Combining the established fact that the microstructure is a pervasive, sharp-interfaced two-phase alternating-lamellae structure (confirmed consistent from TEM nanoscale up to EBSD colony scale) with the strain-step observation that one lamella stays featureless while its neighbour develops mottled contrast and interface line contrast shows that the onset of strain-induced defect contrast is lamella-selective, not uniform: within the alternating two-phase lamellar arrangement, one of the two lamella types accumulates deformation-related contrast while the other type remains unaffected. Neither piece alone gives this: the morphological result (A) says nothing about strain response, and the contrast observation (B) alone, without A's confirmation that the material is genuinely a pervasive two-phase alternating structure rather than a local artifact, could not be read as a phase-linked, systematic asymmetry rather than an isolated local variation.

For each qualification, rule how the final conclusion stands towards it:

  respects      the final conclusion stays inside the qualification, or restates it, or is about
                something the qualification does not touch while not overreaching it.
  ignores       the final conclusion asserts something the qualification says the evidence
                cannot support, without acknowledging it.
  contradicts   the final conclusion asserts the opposite of the qualification.

Quote the words of the final conclusion that decide each ruling. If you cannot quote anything, the ruling is "respects".

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"rulings": [{"n": 1, "verdict": "respects" | "ignores" | "contradicts", "quote": "...", "why": "at most 30 words"}, ...]}