A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (TEM): TEM bright-field: parallel alternating straight lamellae A and B with sharp interfaces
  measurement B (EBSD): EBSD phase map: lamellar colonies of two phases radiating from colony boundaries, no single-phase regions
  what it concluded: TEM alone shows that at the fine (nanoscale/sub-micron field-of-view) scale the microstructure consists of straight, alternating A and B lamellae with sharp interfaces -- a lamellar, two-phase morphology, but only at one local site. EBSD alone shows that at the broader (colony-scale) field of view the material consists of lamellar colonies of two phases radiating from colony boundaries with no single-phase regions -- i.e., the two-phase lamellar arrangement is pervasive across colonies, but EBSD's resolution does not by itself confirm that the lamellae are straight with sharp interfaces at fine scale. Put together, the two observations establish that the fine-scale alternating-lamellae morphology seen in TEM is not a local artifact: the same two-phase lamellar character persists from the nanoscale (TEM) up through the colony scale (EBSD), with no single-phase regions found anywhere in the broader field of view. This joint scale-consistency is what supports describing the structure as a fully lamellar two-phase (eutectic-type) microstructure rather than one that is only locally lamellar or only partially two-phase.

STEP 2
  handed in: TEM alone shows that at the fine (nanoscale/sub-micron field-of-view) scale the microstructure consists of straight, alternating A and B lamellae with sharp interfaces -- a lamellar, two-phase morphology, but only at one local site. EBSD alone shows that at the broader (colony-scale) field of view the material consists of lamellar colonies of two phases radiating from colony boundaries with no single-phase regions -- i.e., the two-phase lamellar arrangement is pervasive across colonies, but EBSD's resolution does not by itself confirm that the lamellae are straight with sharp interfaces at fine scale. Put together, the two observations establish that the fine-scale alternating-lamellae morphology seen in TEM is not a local artifact: the same two-phase lamellar character persists from the nanoscale (TEM) up through the colony scale (EBSD), with no single-phase regions found anywhere in the broader field of view. This joint scale-consistency is what supports describing the structure as a fully lamellar two-phase (eutectic-type) microstructure rather than one that is only locally lamellar or only partially two-phase.
  new measurement (None): At first strain step one lamella is featureless while the neighbour shows mottled contrast and line contrast along the interface
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about STR/defect/extended that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Combining the established fact that the microstructure is a pervasive, sharp-interfaced two-phase alternating-lamellae structure (confirmed consistent from TEM nanoscale up to EBSD colony scale) with the strain-step observation that one lamella stays featureless while its neighbour develops mottled contrast and interface line contrast shows that the onset of strain-induced defect contrast is lamella-selective, not uniform: within the alternating two-phase lamellar arrangement, one of the two lamella types accumulates deformation-related contrast while the other type remains unaffected. Neither piece alone gives this: the morphological result (A) says nothing about strain response, and the contrast observation (B) alone, without A's confirmation that the material is genuinely a pervasive two-phase alternating structure rather than a local artifact, could not be read as a phase-linked, systematic asymmetry rather than an isolated local variation.
  qualification: Does not identify which of the two lamella types (A or B) is the one developing mottled/line contrast versus the one staying featureless, because observation A explicitly leaves lamella-to-phase identity (FCC(L12) vs B2) undetermined, and observation B only distinguishes the two lamellae by their contrast appearance, not by phase name
  qualification: Only established at the 'first strain step' and only at the local site imaged (panel F3a); says nothing about whether this same selective response holds at other strain levels or elsewhere in the sample, consistent with A's own representativity limit (fields of view only)
  qualification: Does not quantify the amount or density of the mottled/line contrast, nor characterize its physical origin beyond visual description; the combination gives a qualitative presence/absence contrast difference, not a measured or mechanistically specified defect population
  qualification: Does not establish volume fraction, lamellar spacing, or interface width (a limit already carried over from observation A) and B adds no quantitative measure either


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain begins with two separate images that neither can prove the microstructure alone. TEM at fine scale shows straight, alternating A and B lamellae with sharp interfaces, but only at one imaged site, so it cannot rule out that this is a local artifact. EBSD at colony scale shows two-phase lamellar colonies radiating from colony boundaries with no single-phase regions, but its resolution cannot confirm the sharp, straight fine-scale lamellae TEM saw. Step 1 needed both together: because the two-phase lamellar character holds from TEM's nanoscale up through EBSD's colony scale with no single-phase regions anywhere, the structure is established as a pervasive, sharp-interfaced two-phase alternating-lamellae (eutectic-type) microstructure, not a local or partial artifact. Step 2 then adds a strain-step observation: one lamella stays featureless while its neighbor develops mottled contrast and interface line contrast. This needed Step 1's result, because without confirmation that the material is genuinely a pervasive two-phase lamellar structure, the contrast difference could only look like an isolated local variation. Combined, the two show that strain-induced defect contrast is lamella-selective rather than uniform, though which lamella type (A or B) is affected, and any quantification of the contrast, remain undetermined.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}