A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (TEM): At first strain step one lamella is featureless while the neighbour shows mottled contrast and line contrast along the interface
  measurement B (TEM): Dense dislocation band labelled as pile-up along a lamella boundary
  what it concluded: Taken together, Observation A (one lamella featureless while its neighbour shows mottled contrast plus line contrast along the interface at the first strain step) and Observation B (a dense dislocation band identified as a pile-up along a lamella boundary) support a progression: dislocation activity that first appears as mottled/line contrast in one lamella develops, with further loading, into a dense pile-up banked against the lamella boundary, while the neighbouring lamella remains contrast-free throughout.

STEP 2
  handed in: Taken together, Observation A (one lamella featureless while its neighbour shows mottled contrast plus line contrast along the interface at the first strain step) and Observation B (a dense dislocation band identified as a pile-up along a lamella boundary) support a progression: dislocation activity that first appears as mottled/line contrast in one lamella develops, with further loading, into a dense pile-up banked against the lamella boundary, while the neighbouring lamella remains contrast-free throughout.
  new measurement (None): Hardening rate drops from ~85 to ~14 GPa by 0.009, falls slowly to ~5 GPa by 0.058, then turns negative
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about MEC/pathway that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Read together, the microstructural progression established in Observation A (dislocation contrast intensifying from faint mottled/line contrast at the first strain step to a dense pile-up banked against the lamella boundary, with the neighbouring lamella staying contrast-free) and the macroscopic hardening-rate curve of Observation B (rate falling from ~85 to ~14 GPa by strain 0.009, then slowly to ~5 GPa by 0.058, then turning negative) together support the general idea that the macroscopic hardening decline tracks an underlying build-up of dislocation substructure with continued straining: a progressively developing dislocation pile-up accompanies a hardening rate that itself progressively falls and eventually reverses. This is consistent with, but only loosely corroborates, the paper's staged framework (planar slip, then FCC dislocation accumulation, then B2 slip/interphase localisation) linking substructure to hardening stage.
  qualification: Observation B gives no strain value for when the pile-up micrograph was taken, so the pairing cannot match the mottled-contrast stage or the pile-up stage to a specific point (or stage boundary, e.g. 0.009 or 0.058) on the hardening-rate curve
  qualification: The two observations were not shown to come from the same lamella pair/location (continuity is inferred only through the n8->n9 graph link), so the microstructural sequence cannot be tied with confidence to the mechanical response measured on the bulk sample
  qualification: Observation A is a qualitative, unquantified image-contrast sequence while Observation B is a quantitative rate measured against cumulative strain -- a mismatch in kind that prevents deriving any quantitative correspondence (e.g. a dislocation-density-vs-hardening-rate relationship) from the pairing
  qualification: Phase identity of the featureless lamella (whether it is B2) is not established by the micrographs, so the combination cannot attribute the later stages of hardening decline specifically to B2 slip/interphase strain localisation versus continued FCC dislocation accumulation


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts from two TEM images: one lamella is featureless while its neighbour shows mottled and line contrast at the first strain step, and separately a dense dislocation band is seen as a pile-up along a lamella boundary. Together these support a progression from faint mottled/line contrast to a banked pile-up with further loading, the neighbour staying clear throughout. Step 2 needed this progression because, on its own, the contrast sequence only described a microstructural change with loading, not whether that change tracked the sample's mechanical behaviour. The new measurement, a hardening-rate curve falling from ~85 to ~14 GPa by strain 0.009, then slowly to ~5 GPa by 0.058, then turning negative, supplies that missing mechanical axis. Paired with the earlier progression, it supports the general idea that the hardening decline tracks a build-up of dislocation substructure, loosely consistent with a staged planar-slip/FCC-accumulation/B2-localisation framework. It leaves open where on the curve the pile-up stage falls, whether the two observations came from the same location, any quantitative match between contrast and rate, and whether the featureless lamella is B2.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}