A paragraph was written to summarise a chain of reasoning, using only the stored texts below. Check it sentence by sentence.

THE STORED TEXTS
STEP 1, the two-step item this chain starts from
  measurement A (XRD): Bismuthene reflections index to hexagonal Bi (PDF#05-0519) plus one Bi2O3 (321) peak near 33 deg; the oxide indexes to PDF#45-1344
  measurement B (RAMAN): Bismuthene shows only the two low-shift modes (~69, ~95 cm-1) of bulk Bi; the oxide bands at ~120-500 cm-1 are absent
  what it concluded: XRD alone shows the bismuthene sample contains hexagonal Bi (PDF#05-0519) as the dominant crystalline phase plus one weak Bi2O3 (321) reflection near 33 deg, matched against a separately indexed Bi2O3 reference (PDF#45-1344); this establishes that two crystalline phases coexist in the sample. Raman alone shows only the two low-shift Bi phonon modes (~69, ~95 cm-1) with no Bi2O3 bands (~120-500 cm-1) detected, which by itself could be read either as 'no oxide present' or as 'oxide present but not seen by this probe.' Put together, the two agree that hexagonal Bi is the dominant phase by both a diffraction and a vibrational fingerprint, and they are not contradictory: the XRD-detected Bi2O3 is a minor phase (only one diagnostic peak, versus a full matched pattern for Bi), consistent with it being present at a level or in a form that falls below Raman's ability to register it, rather than with the Raman result overturning the XRD phase call. Combined, this establishes phase identity: Bi is the majority crystalline/vibrational phase and Bi2O3 is present as a minor secondary phase, with the two techniques mutually consistent rather than conflicting.

STEP 2
  handed in: XRD alone shows the bismuthene sample contains hexagonal Bi (PDF#05-0519) as the dominant crystalline phase plus one weak Bi2O3 (321) reflection near 33 deg, matched against a separately indexed Bi2O3 reference (PDF#45-1344); this establishes that two crystalline phases coexist in the sample. Raman alone shows only the two low-shift Bi phonon modes (~69, ~95 cm-1) with no Bi2O3 bands (~120-500 cm-1) detected, which by itself could be read either as 'no oxide present' or as 'oxide present but not seen by this probe.' Put together, the two agree that hexagonal Bi is the dominant phase by both a diffraction and a vibrational fingerprint, and they are not contradictory: the XRD-detected Bi2O3 is a minor phase (only one diagnostic peak, versus a full matched pattern for Bi), consistent with it being present at a level or in a form that falls below Raman's ability to register it, rather than with the Raman result overturning the XRD phase call. Combined, this establishes phase identity: Bi is the majority crystalline/vibrational phase and Bi2O3 is present as a minor secondary phase, with the two techniques mutually consistent rather than conflicting.
  new measurement (None): A/L at 808 nm is linear in concentration (R2 = 0.9999) with slope alpha = 6.4 L g-1 cm-1
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Because XRD and Raman together already establish that the sample is a majority hexagonal-Bi phase with only a minor, secondary Bi2O3 phase (mutually consistent, not conflicting), the linear NIR absorbance result (A/L vs. concentration at 808 nm, R2 = 0.9999, alpha = 6.4 L g-1 cm-1) can be attributed to this phase-identified bismuthene material as a whole: the strong, reproducible, concentration-proportional NIR absorption is a property of the same Bi-dominant sample whose composition was just fixed, supporting that this bismuthene material possesses a strong, quantifiable NIR extinction suitable for downstream (e.g. photothermal-type) use.
  qualification: Does not establish which phase produces the absorption -- since the earlier result explicitly leaves the spatial arrangement of Bi and Bi2O3 undetermined (heterojunction vs. separate/non-contacting phases), the linear alpha=6.4 L g-1 cm-1 cannot be assigned to the majority Bi phase alone versus a contribution from the minor Bi2O3 phase.
  qualification: Does not establish morphology or size effects on absorption -- neither technique gave nanoflake/nanosheet dimensions, so no size-dependent explanation of the extinction coefficient is supported.
  qualification: Does not quantify how much Bi2O3 is present (only a single (321) peak plus an absence in Raman), so any claim that the oxide is negligible for the optical property is unproven, only that it is a minor trace phase.
  qualification: Does not establish photothermal conversion, heat generation, or any mechanism beyond linear optical absorbance -- alpha is an extinction/absorbance-per-concentration value, not a measure of energy conversion or in-use performance.

STEP 3
  handed in: Because XRD and Raman together already establish that the sample is a majority hexagonal-Bi phase with only a minor, secondary Bi2O3 phase (mutually consistent, not conflicting), the linear NIR absorbance result (A/L vs. concentration at 808 nm, R2 = 0.9999, alpha = 6.4 L g-1 cm-1) can be attributed to this phase-identified bismuthene material as a whole: the strong, reproducible, concentration-proportional NIR absorption is a property of the same Bi-dominant sample whose composition was just fixed, supporting that this bismuthene material possesses a strong, quantifiable NIR extinction suitable for downstream (e.g. photothermal-type) use.
  new measurement (None): IR images: the 6-min spot temperature rises with concentration (200 > 100 > 50 > 25 ug/mL; water stays cold) and, at 200 ug/mL, with power density 0.5 -> 1.5 W
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Observation A alone only shows that the phase-identified bismuthene material has a strong, linear, concentration-proportional NIR extinction (alpha = 6.4 L g-1 cm-1) at 808 nm; it explicitly does not establish any energy-conversion or heating mechanism. Observation B alone only shows that irradiated spots heat up more with higher concentration (200 > 100 > 50 > 25 ug/mL) and higher power density (0.5 -> 1.5 W at 200 ug/mL), with water as a non-heating control; on its own it does not identify what property of the sample is responsible for that heating. Read together, the two support that the strong NIR extinction quantified in A is what drives the concentration- and power-dependent heating observed in B -- i.e., that this phase-identified bismuthene material converts absorbed 808 nm light into heat (a qualitative photothermal effect), because the same directionality (more material/more incident power -> more absorption -> more heat) links the two data sets and the water control rules out a trivial heating artifact.
  qualification: Does not establish a quantitative photothermal conversion efficiency or any specific numeric heat-conversion value -- alpha is an absorbance/concentration slope and the IR images give single-timepoint (6 min) spot temperatures, not an energy-balance calculation.
  qualification: Does not establish which phase drives the heating any more than A alone established which phase drives the absorption -- since the earlier result left the majority Bi phase versus minor Bi2O3 phase spatial arrangement and contribution undetermined, the heating seen in B cannot be assigned to the Bi phase alone versus a partial Bi2O3 contribution.
  qualification: Does not establish a quantitative (proportional or otherwise curve-fit) relationship between alpha and temperature rise -- the concentration series and the power-density series are two separate one-variable sweeps (not a full factorial), so only ordinal trends (more concentration, more power -> hotter) are supported, not a functional mapping from alpha to delta-T.
  qualification: Does not establish morphology/size effects, photostability, or in-use (device-level) performance -- B is a single 6-minute snapshot under laboratory irradiation, not a measure of sustained or repeated-use behavior.

STEP 4
  handed in: Observation A alone only shows that the phase-identified bismuthene material has a strong, linear, concentration-proportional NIR extinction (alpha = 6.4 L g-1 cm-1) at 808 nm; it explicitly does not establish any energy-conversion or heating mechanism. Observation B alone only shows that irradiated spots heat up more with higher concentration (200 > 100 > 50 > 25 ug/mL) and higher power density (0.5 -> 1.5 W at 200 ug/mL), with water as a non-heating control; on its own it does not identify what property of the sample is responsible for that heating. Read together, the two support that the strong NIR extinction quantified in A is what drives the concentration- and power-dependent heating observed in B -- i.e., that this phase-identified bismuthene material converts absorbed 808 nm light into heat (a qualitative photothermal effect), because the same directionality (more material/more incident power -> more absorption -> more heat) links the two data sets and the water control rules out a trivial heating artifact.
  new measurement (None): Individual curves: all five BNs-BSA+Lasers tumours stay at 0; four of five BNs-BSA+808 nm tumours regrow after ~day 14
  question asked: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRF/service_capability that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.
  what it concluded: Because A already establishes that the phase-identified bismuthene material genuinely converts absorbed 808 nm light into heat (a real photothermal effect, not an artifact), the tumour-curve comparison in B can be read as showing what that confirmed photothermal effect does and does not accomplish in vivo: in the BNs-BSA+808 nm (single-laser, PTT-only) group, four of five tumours regrow after ~day 14 despite the genuine heat-generating mechanism being active, whereas in the BNs-BSA+Lasers (dual, 660/808 nm) group all five tumours stay at 0. Together the two support that the confirmed photothermal effect alone is insufficient for durable tumour eradication, and that adding the second laser modality is what converts a partial, relapsing response into complete, sustained tumour control.
  qualification: Does not identify the mechanism by which the added 660 nm laser improves outcome (e.g., a distinct photodynamic/ROS-based action versus simply more total absorbed energy/heat) -- neither the extinction/heating data nor the tumour curves speak to what the second wavelength does.
  qualification: Does not quantify how much of the improved outcome is attributable to the confirmed photothermal effect versus any additional mechanism -- only the ordinal contrast '0 of 5 regrow' vs '4 of 5 regrow' is supported, from a small (n=5) per-group sample.
  qualification: Does not extend to durability beyond the observed regrowth window (~day 14); any longer-term survival endpoint is not part of what is combined here.
  qualification: Does not resolve which phase (majority Bi versus minor Bi2O3) drives the heating that A left undetermined, so the in vivo effect in B cannot be assigned to one phase over the other.
  qualification: Does not establish a quantitative or functional relationship between the extinction coefficient (alpha) and tumour outcome -- only that a confirmed heat-generating effect co-occurs with incomplete efficacy when used alone.


THE PARAGRAPH
The chain starts with two structural fingerprints of the same sample: XRD indexes it to hexagonal Bi with one weak Bi2O3 peak, and Raman shows only the two Bi phonon modes with no oxide bands. Neither alone settles whether oxide is truly absent or just under Raman's detection limit, but together they agree Bi is the dominant phase and Bi2O3 is a minor secondary phase — this phase identity was needed before any property could be attributed to "the material" as a whole. Step 2 adds a linear NIR absorbance measurement (R2=0.9999, alpha=6.4 L g-1 cm-1); because the sample's composition was just fixed, this extinction can be attributed to the phase-identified bismuthene rather than to an unidentified mixture. Step 3 adds IR imaging showing heating that scales with concentration and laser power, with water as a cold control; paired with the already-confirmed extinction, this establishes a genuine photothermal effect (absorption converting to heat), not just correlated trends. Step 4 adds tumor-growth curves: needing that confirmed photothermal mechanism as a baseline, it shows that single-laser (808 nm) photothermal treatment alone leaves four of five tumors regrowing, while adding a second laser achieves complete, sustained control in all five.

For each sentence of the paragraph in order, decide whether the stored texts support it, and quote the stored text that does. A sentence is supported when the texts assert it or plainly carry it. A sentence is NOT supported when it adds a mechanism, a motive, a quantity or a consequence the texts do not state, however reasonable it sounds.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"sentences": [{"n": 1, "sentence": "...", "supported": true or false, "quote": "the stored text that supports it, or \"\" if none"}, ...]}