{"route_a": {"warrants_alone": "partly", "why": "Route A's own cited evidence for M1_M2_M3_s3 is only the two stress values (compressive fracture stress ~355 MPa vs tensile flow stress ~72 MPa, serrated 52-80). Its own stated limits already concede that these are incommensurate quantities (fracture stress vs flow stress) and that no valid ratio or yield comparison can be formed. The qualitative fallback conclusion -- that tension has a ductile 'kink band' route absent in compression -- leans on an external citation to F10b rather than on microstructural evidence contained in this item's own cited node, and the limits explicitly admit that whether compression could also kink (but is pre-empted by fracture) is not established. So the item supports only the narrow, qualitative claim that a tension-only deformation route exists in the mechanical record; it does not, by its own evidence, establish that this route is specifically kink-banding, nor that compression truly lacks the capability."},
 "route_b": {"warrants_alone": "yes", "why": "Route B pairs the tensile mechanical curve (serrated flow ~52-80 MPa, ~45% plastic strain) with a direct optical micrograph of the same gauge section showing fine bands inclined to the tensile axis with a kinked basal trace -- i.e. mechanism-identifying visual evidence from the same specimen/test as the mechanical data. This directly supports the qualitative/associative conclusion that kink-band formation accommodates the large tensile ductility. Its stated limits are about degree (single static snapshot, no strain-by-strain resolution, no quantitative attribution of exactly how much of the 45% strain or which serrations map to kinking versus possible concurrent basal slip, and no generalization beyond this one [0001]/RT specimen) rather than about whether the core association holds. So it warrants the qualitative mechanistic association on its own, but only as an association for this one test condition, not as a quantified or exclusive-mechanism claim."},
 "agree": "partly", "why_agree": "Both routes converge on the same directional conclusion -- that [0001] tension exhibits a ductile, kink-band-mediated route that is not manifested in compression -- and their limits are mutually compatible rather than contradictory: Route A admits it cannot confirm compression truly lacks kinking capacity (fracture may simply pre-empt it), and Route B admits it cannot exclude other concurrent deformation modes (e.g. basal slip) contributing to the 45% strain, nor generalize beyond this one specimen. Neither limit undercuts the other. However the agreement is not fully independent corroboration: Route A's identification of the mechanism as 'kink bands' is only asserted via an external reference to F10b rather than demonstrated by evidence within its own cited node, whereas Route B is the item that actually supplies and analyzes that microstructural (OM) evidence. So Route A's conclusion partly depends on the same underlying observation Route B independently establishes, meaning the two routes are less than fully disjoint in what ultimately grounds the 'kink band' identification, even though the stress-comparison evidence and the paired mechanical+OM evidence are formally different data.", "combined_strength": "associative", "caution": "A reader should not treat the two routes together as proving kink banding is the sole or dominant, quantitatively established mechanism for the ~45% tensile plastic strain -- neither route rules out concurrent contributions from other deformation modes (e.g. basal slip), and Route B explicitly cannot resolve which portion of the mechanical response maps to which microstructural event. Nor should the reader conclude that compression is intrinsically incapable of kink-band formation -- only that it fractures before any such route can manifest, per Route A's own limits. The routes' evidence is also not as independent as it first appears: Route A's 'kink bands' language borrows from the same microstructural fact (F10b/OM banding) that Route B directly evidences, so this is not two fully separate lines of proof converging, and combined they still amount only to a qualitative, single-condition ([0001], RT) association -- not strong, generalizable, or quantitative support."}