{"route_a": {"warrants_alone": "partly", "why": "Route A's own stated limits undercut its conclusion: Observation A (the OM contrast signature of wavy bands) is reported at what appears to be a single condition with no temperature series of its own, so the claim that wavy bands persist across RT-400 C rests entirely on Observation B. But B is a macroscopic trace census that never reports the (0001)-strong/(1-100)-faint contrast signature used to define the wavy bands in A, so the identity of B's 'deformation bands' with A's specific wavy bands is an assumed linkage, not a co-measured one. The conclusion (wavy bands are a separate, temperature-insensitive mechanism) is therefore inferred through an unverified cross-observation identification rather than directly demonstrated."},
"route_b": {"warrants_alone": "partly", "why": "Route B ties ductile plastic-strain behavior in one orientation ([1 1 -2 1.85]) to basal-plane slip via co-occurrence on a single specimen, but its own limits flag this as correlational, not causal (presence of traces does not establish basal slip as dominant or sole contributor to the 5% plastic strain), and the OM observation is not even tied to a specific one of the two test temperatures used in the MECH data. It also cannot generalize to the other orientations tested, including the anomalous [01-10] work-hardening. So it establishes plausible co-location of a candidate mechanism with ductility in one case, not a demonstrated mechanistic link."},
"agree": "partly", "why_agree": "The two routes do not contradict each other and both are compatible with a picture of orientation/temperature-dependent deformation mechanisms in this material, but they are not establishing the same claim in mutually reinforcing ways. Route A concerns wavy/kink deformation bands persisting independent of the twin-to-prismatic-slip transition, evaluated across a temperature series on [11-20]/[01-10]-type specimens via an assumed cross-observation identity. Route B concerns basal-slip traces co-located with ductile yielding on a single, different orientation ([1 1 -2 1.85]), with no temperature resolution and explicitly correlational status. Their evidence is disjoint in specimen, feature (kink bands vs. basal slip traces), and axis of variation (temperature vs. single-specimen correlation), so agreement is at the level of 'not inconsistent' rather than 'independently confirming the same mechanistic claim about n13.' Neither route's limits are resolved by the other's evidence.", "combined_strength": "associative", "caution": "A reader should not treat the pairing of two disjoint-evidence routes as strengthening the case for a mechanistic claim about n13 into something causal or discriminating. Each route already relies on an inference its own evidence does not fully cover (A: assumed identity of macro 'deformation bands' with the microscopically defined wavy bands, and no direct temperature series for the wavy-band feature itself; B: correlation-not-causation on a single specimen with no temperature attribution). Combining two such partly-warranted, non-overlapping routes does not make the underlying claim about n13 well established -- it broadens the topics touched (band persistence vs. basal-slip ductility) without cross-checking or reinforcing either inference, and should not be read as convergent independent confirmation of one specific mechanism."}