{"route_a": {"warrants_alone": "partly", "why": "The 'confounded by construction' conclusion is logically sound given the experimental design (cobalt-doped scaffolds necessarily vary content and texture together), so that narrower claim is defensible. But the route's key argument also leans on an inverse-order comparison (release mg/L rising as surface area m2/g falls) to rule out a purely texture-driven mechanism, and the route's own stated limits admit that the surface-area figures (290/180/127 m2/g) are not actually present in the cited observations (obs1-obs4) or in the cited prior pore-size step (which gives only pore diameter, ~4-5 nm, not m2/g or cm3/g), and that mg/L and m2/g are not even the same kind of quantity. So the direction-ruling-out half of the argument is unsupported by the evidence as sourced, while the confound-identification half is warranted. Net: partly."},
 "route_b": {"warrants_alone": "partly", "why": "The observations (a low-angle XRD reflection present in all three compositions; a gradual, plateauing cumulative release curve for the 2Co material) do genuinely co-occur, and the key statement is appropriately hedged as 'consistent with' rather than 'caused by.' But the route's own limits show real gaps: the XRD data span three compositions while the release curve is reported for essentially one, so there is no matched dose-response between degree of structural order and release kinetics; the two measurements are different kinds (static structural snapshot vs. kinetic cumulative-mass curve); and only one peak plus four time points is too sparse to support any transport/rate-law inference. This supports a narrow associative statement, not a mechanism. Net: partly."},
 "agree": "partly", "why_agree": "The two conclusions do not contradict each other -- both stop short of claiming that pore/texture structure causally determines release behavior, and both explicitly flag confounds or associative-only status in their limits. In that sense they are mutually consistent in epistemic posture. But they are not reinforcing either: Route A concerns cobalt-ion release (mg/L) confounded with scaffold texture across three distinct scaffolds, while Route B concerns ampicillin release (ug, cumulative) associated with XRD-confirmed mesopore order in largely one composition. Because the evidence is disjoint in substance, metric, and even chemical species released, agreement here means 'not in tension' rather than 'jointly corroborating the same specific mechanism.'", "combined_strength": "associative", "caution": "A reader should not treat the two routes together as building toward a demonstrated causal mechanism linking pore/texture structure to release kinetics. Route A's own limits show its inverse-order argument relies on surface-area numbers not actually verified in the cited data, so it should not be read as a settled ruling-out of texture as a cause -- only as flagging an unresolved confound. Route B's co-occurrence of structural order and gradual release should not be read as evidence that pores are the transport pathway, since no dose-response or matched-sample comparison was established. Two hedged, associative/confound-limited routes on disjoint evidence do not sum to strong or mechanistic support for claim n15; at most they show the claim is not contradicted by either dataset while remaining unestablished by both."}