{"route_a": {"warrants_alone": "no", "why": "Route A's own key statement says the kappa_L+kappa_b evidence 'only weakly suggests' a role in sustaining ZT and explicitly 'does not establish' the magnitude or ordering of ZT. Its limits show why: ZT depends on kappa_e and the power factor, neither given here; the lowest-kappa composition (x=0.01) is not the highest 300 K ZT composition (that is x=0.005, ~0.84 vs x=0.01's lower 300 K value); the kappa data (300-450 K) do not cover the temperature window (500-525 K) where the cited ZT peak (~1.25) occurs; and the n-Bi2Te3 comparison is a single benchmark point, not a trend. So the evidence is suggestive at best, not warranting the conclusion on its own."},
"route_b": {"warrants_alone": "partly", "why": "Route B shows a genuine within-composition correspondence: x=0.01 is both the highest-PF composition (across the measured 300-623 K range) and the composition with the peak ZT (~1.25 near 500-525 K), which is consistent with PF being a contributor to ZT (as required by the ZT formula). This is real, if limited, support for an ordering/correspondence claim. But its own limits concede the PF values are not measured at the 500-525 K peak temperature itself, no thermal-conductivity term is included even though the denominator of ZT depends on it, and only two compositions are characterized in enough detail to support any relationship -- too few points for a dose-response or causal claim. So it warrants a weak, compositional-correspondence conclusion, not a full quantitative one."},
"agree": "partly", "why_agree": "Both routes converge on x=0.01 being the composition associated with the ZT peak and on the general idea (low thermal conductivity, high power factor) that is structurally consistent with the ZT formula -- so they are not contradictory. But they are not fully consistent either: (1) both share the same core gap -- neither route's cited data (kappa 300-450K, PF at 300K/623K) actually covers the 500-525K window where the ZT peak occurs, so neither can speak to the peak directly; (2) Route A's own finer-grained 300K comparison shows the correspondence breaking down at that temperature -- x=0.005, not the lowest-kappa x=0.01, has the highest 300K ZT -- a tension that Route B's story (x=0.01 highest PF, best ZT) does not address or resolve. So the two routes agree on the broad compositional direction but do not corroborate each other at the level of specific values or temperatures, and one route's own data partially complicates the simple story the other tells.", "combined_strength": "associative", "caution": "A reader should not treat two independently weak routes as summing to strong or mechanistic support. Neither route has data at the actual ZT peak temperature (500-525K) matched against its cited quantity (kappa or PF), so 'both routes point to x=0.01' is a coincidence of composition labels across different temperature ranges, not a demonstrated causal chain from low kappa_L+kappa_b and high power factor to the specific ZT peak magnitude. Neither route includes kappa_e, so the full ZT decomposition is never assembled in either route, let alone across both. And Route A's own 300K data (x=0.005 has the higher room-temperature ZT despite not being the lowest-kappa or highest-PF composition) is a real counter-signal that the combination does not explain away. The correct takeaway is a plausible, formula-consistent association for one composition at one loosely-defined temperature range -- not a validated mechanism, and not confirmation that the two independent (disjoint-evidence) analyses corroborate each other in a strong sense."}