{"route_a": {"warrants_alone": "no", "why": "The key statement is explicitly self-hedged ('weakly suggests... does not establish'), and its own limits list four independent reasons the link fails: ZT depends on the full kappa_total (kappa_e missing) and on PF (not given), so low kappa_L+kappa_b cannot by itself account for ZT magnitude; the lowest-kappa composition (x=0.01) is not the highest-ZT composition (x=0.005), so there is no within-sample correspondence; the kappa data (300-450K) do not even cover the temperature where the ZT peak (~500-525K) occurs; and the n-Bi2Te3 comparison is a single benchmark point, not a trend. With most of the causal chain unmeasured and a direct composition mismatch admitted, the evidence at this node does not warrant the conclusion on its own."},
 "route_b": {"warrants_alone": "partly", "why": "Unlike Route A, this comparison is between two directly measured quantities at the same temperature (300K PF vs 300K ZT) and does show a real, specific mismatch: x=0.01 maximizes PF but x=0.005 maximizes ZT. That narrow claim (PF ranking != ZT ranking) is well supported. But the broader framing -- 'PF is a contributing factor to ZT' -- is not itself demonstrated by the data; it is imported from the ZT formula (PF is ZT's numerator) rather than shown empirically, since no thermal-conductivity term is present to confirm PF's marginal contribution. The comparison is also restricted to 300K (PF's 623K value is not matched against a 623K ZT value), so it cannot speak to whether the mismatch holds across temperature. So it partly warrants the composition-mismatch conclusion, but not a full account of ZT's determination."},
 "agree": "partly", "why_agree": "The two routes are not contradictory -- in fact they point to the same underlying pattern from disjoint evidence: in both, x=0.01 is the composition that optimizes the measured intermediate quantity (lowest kappa_L+kappa_b in Route A, highest PF in Route B), while x=0.005 is the composition with the highest 300K ZT in both. This convergence is mutually reinforcing: it shows that neither low lattice/bipolar thermal conductivity nor high power factor alone tracks the ZT ranking, consistent with an unmeasured kappa_e (or trade-off term) actually driving where ZT peaks. However, the routes' limits are not the same and do not overlap: Route A's decisive extra problem is a temperature-window mismatch (kappa data stop at 450K, the ZT peak is near 500-525K) that has no counterpart in Route B (which stays entirely within 300K, plus one 623K PF point with no matching ZT). So the two routes agree on the qualitative shape of the gap (single-factor accounts fail) but each leaves open a different piece of it, and neither closes the other's gap."},
 "combined_strength": "associative", "caution": "A reader should not treat two independently-sourced routes reaching the same hedged conclusion as adding up to strong or mechanistic support. Route A is explicitly weak (self-described as not establishing the link, missing kappa_e and PF entirely, wrong temperature window). Route B is only partly stronger and itself omits the thermal-conductivity term and any temperature beyond 300K. Stacking them shows a consistent descriptive pattern (the composition that optimizes a single transport quantity is not the composition with peak ZT) but does not supply the missing kappa_e data, does not extend coverage to the ZT peak's actual temperature (500-525K), and does not establish causation or a quantitative accounting of ZT's magnitude or ordering -- only that no single examined quantity is sufficient by itself."}