Property under test: the measured property value

Previous step established: Alkali treatment leaves a hydroxyl-rich Mg(OH)2 oxide layer on the AZ31 surface

Observations available at this step (BIO:disc_diffusion):
  [obs1] Clear inhibition halo around disc d on both E. coli and S. aureus plates; none around discs a, b, c

THE KEY UNDER AUDIT

Proposition: Putting the previous step's result together with this evidence shows that the hydroxyl-rich Mg(OH)2 oxide layer that alkali treatment leaves on AZ31 (present in the AZ31-OH sample) is not itself antibacterial: disc b (AZ31-OH) shows no inhibition halo on either E. coli or S. aureus plates, matching untreated AZ31 (disc a) and PCL (disc c). Only disc d (PCL-LS coating) produces a clear halo on both organisms. So the antibacterial effect belongs specifically to the PCL-LS coating, not to the alkali-formed oxide layer.

Limits:
  [0] The halo readout (obs1) is a qualitative presence/absence call, not a quantified measure of bacterial kill or potency
  [1] The evidence rules out the oxide layer alone and PCL alone as sufficient causes, but does not identify what within the PCL-LS coating produces the effect
  [2] No test isolates whether the oxide layer plays any supporting role in combination with the PCL-LS coating, since PCL-LS is only tested as fabricated
  [3] Single halo observation per disc/organism with no replicate or dose-response data given to weigh the reliability of the 'none' calls for discs a, b, c

You are auditing an answer key against the evidence it was written from.

You are given the step's observations, the previous step's result, and a key: one combining
proposition and a list of limits. For EACH of them separately, rule one of:

  holds       every quantity and direction it states is in the observations above, and the
              inference it draws is available from them
  overreaches states something the observations support only weakly, or in a weaker form -- a cause
              where only an association is available, a relationship where only an ordering is,
              a magnitude the numbers do not pin down
  wrong       contradicts the observations, or cites a number or direction that is not there

Quote the observation you are ruling against. If a statement overreaches or is wrong, give the
corrected wording, keeping it as close to the original as the evidence allows.

Reply as JSON only:
{"proposition": {"verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null},
 "limits": [{"index": 0, "verdict": "...", "evidence": "...", "fix": "..." or null}]}