Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels are confirmed as printed. F3c (crop C) shows A/L at 808 nm rising linearly with concentration (5 points, 0–200 µg/mL), fit slope α = 6.4 L g⁻¹cm⁻¹, R²=0.9999 — this establishes a clean, quantitative extinction/concentration calibration for the material at the imaging wavelength, i.e., PA/absorbance signal should scale predictably with local agent concentration in that regime. F4f (crop F) shows tumor PA signal over time after IV injection: 0.26 (0h) → 0.13 (1h) → 0.32 (2h) → 0.94 (4h, peak) → 0.60 (6h) → 0.31 (10h), consistent with the stated values (0.26, 0.13, peak 0.94 at 4h, 0.31 at 10h).

Together, the calibration (A) licenses reading the in vivo PA time-course (B) as a proxy for relative agent concentration in the tumor, since absorbance/PA tracks concentration linearly and reproducibly in vitro. So the combination supports: intratumoral accumulation is low shortly after injection, rises to a maximum around 4h, and declines by 10h — a plausible passive-accumulation/clearance profile.

What it leaves open: the in vitro calibration was not performed in tissue, so nothing here establishes that the same slope/linearity holds in vivo (scattering, blood, depth all differ). The data also don't establish causality for the dip at 1h, nor connect this PA time-course to any downstream biological outcome (e.g., therapeutic efficacy, "value" or "service_capability") — that link is not evidenced by these two panels.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Both panels reviewed directly. F3c: A/L at 808 nm vs. concentration, five points, linear fit with alpha = 6.4 L g-1 cm-1, R2 = 0.9999 (in vitro, fixed measurement conditions). F4f: tumor PA signal over time after IV injection — 0.26 (0h), 0.13 (1h), 0.32 (2h), 0.94 (4h, peak), 0.60 (6h), 0.31 (10h).

The combination supports only that the material has a strong, reproducible, concentration-dependent NIR absorption in vitro (established upstream) and that it does produce a detectable, indeed strong, photoacoustic signal in tumor tissue in vivo (downstream) — consistent with the material being a viable PA contrast agent. That much is coherent: a material with a high, linearly-behaving extinction coefficient plausibly can generate the observed PA signal magnitudes.

It leaves open everything about the temporal shape of F4f. The extinction coefficient in F3c is measured at known, fixed concentrations in vitro; F4f's non-monotonic curve (dip at 1h, peak at 4h, decline by 10h) reflects in vivo pharmacokinetics — biodistribution, tumor accumulation, and clearance — none of which is measured or constrained by F3c. No tissue concentration data links a specific timepoint's PA value back to the alpha=6.4 slope, so the upstream evidence cannot explain why signal rises, peaks at 4h, or falls afterward; it only supports that the underlying material is capable of strong PA response, not the accumulation/clearance kinetics governing the observed time course.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}