Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
how the material performs in service

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Evidence justifies: the Co-doped mesoporous bioactive glass (MBG) scaffolds are bioactive and functional in a simulated service environment. Ion-release curves (F5a) show dose-dependent, sustained Co2+ release (0, 2, 5 mol% Co-MBG) over 7 days in immersion medium, alongside SiO4, Ca2+, and PO4 exchange consistent with apatite-forming/dissolution behavior — i.e., the scaffold actively releases its therapeutic ion and participates in mineral exchange rather than being inert. F9's western blot shows HIF-1α protein band intensity increasing with Co content (MBG < 2Co-MBG < 5Co-MBG), supporting that released Co drives a hypoxia-mimicking signal in BMSCs, a plausible mechanism for pro-angiogenic/osteogenic effects. F11a shows ampicillin loaded on the scaffold releases with an initial burst (~24h) then plateaus near 700-800 µg by 7 days, indicating sustained local drug delivery. F11b shows this released drug significantly lowers bacterial survival at days 3 and 7 versus blank control and unloaded scaffolds, indicating antibacterial function in service.

What remains uncertain: these are all in vitro/bench measurements (soaking medium, cell lysate blots, bacterial culture) — none establish in vivo mechanical performance, degradation under load, long-term structural integrity, or that HIF-1α upregulation translates to functional angiogenesis/bone formation. No mechanical property or scaffold-integrity data appears in these four panels.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Together the four panels describe three service-relevant behaviors, each supported only qualitatively:

1. Ion release (F5a, a-d): Co2+ release rises with Co content over 7 days (0 ≈0, 2Co ≈17, 5Co ≈21 mg/L), confirming graded, sustained Co2+ delivery. SiO4^4- rises for all groups (highest for 2Co-MBG). Ca2+ and PO4^3- both drop sharply by day 1 then partly recover/continue declining, consistent with apatite-forming (mineralizing) activity in the soak medium — i.e., the scaffolds are bioactive, not chemically inert.

2. Hypoxia signaling (F9): as already settled, HIF-1alpha band is visibly strongest in 5Co-MBG, association only with MBG/2Co-MBG indistinguishable; no monotonic three-group ordering, no quantification, no timepoint specified, and composition differs beyond Co2+ release, so causation is not established.

3. Drug delivery and antibacterial performance (F11a/b): ampicillin releases in a fast-then-plateau burst profile (~670 µg by 24h, ~800 µg by 7 days). Scaffolds+Ampicillin show significantly lower relative bacterial/cell survival than blank control at days 3 (~81%) and 7 (~52%, both marked *), while drug-free scaffolds show no reduction (110-118%) — evidence the antibacterial effect requires the loaded drug, not the scaffold material itself.

What remains uncertain: no in vivo or long-term degradation/mechanical service data are shown; the HIF-1alpha link to Co2+ dose is associative only (per the settled qualifications above); and antibacterial data reflect only this survival assay, not a strain-diversity or mechanism study.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}