Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
All three panels confirm the stated readings. F5a (SEM, PRP 2h): 316LSS and PPAmF show many spread, dendritic platelets; BVLD-PPAmF fewer and more variable in shape; NO-PPAmF fewer still with more round/unspread forms; BVLD/NO-PPAmF shows only sparse small round platelets. F6c (macro photos of excised thrombus) and F6b (cross-sectional tube photos) both show the same ordering: 316LSS and PPAmF are covered/filled by dark-red thrombus; BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF are only partly covered, with visible clean (light) substrate; BVLD/NO-PPAmF is almost entirely clean with thrombus confined to edges.

What the combination supports: a consistent rank-order relationship across the same five surfaces — greater platelet adhesion/spreading in the static PRP assay co-occurs with heavier, more occlusive thrombus in the blood-contact assay, and the combined NO/BVLD-releasing surface shows the least of both. This is legitimate corroborating evidence that reduced platelet activation on the modified surfaces is associated with, and plausibly contributes to, reduced downstream thrombus/service performance.

What it leaves open: the two measurements come from different assay conditions (static platelet-rich plasma, 2h, no flow, in F5a vs. actual circulating whole blood in F6b/F6c), so this is a cross-experiment correlation, not a within-experiment causal demonstration. No quantitative platelet counts or thrombus-area measurements are given here to size the effect, and thrombus formation also depends on coagulation-cascade/fibrin factors not addressed by SEM platelet morphology alone. So the evidence justifies "consistent with, and suggestive of, platelet response as a contributing mechanism" but does not establish it as the sole or quantified cause of the PRF/service_capability difference.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
The upstream evidence (PRP platelet adhesion/count plus SEM morphology, established earlier: fewest, least-spread platelets on BVLD/NO-PPAmF, intermediate on BVLD-PPAmF/NO-PPAmF, most/spread-dendritic on 316LSS/PPAmF) tracks the same ordering seen downstream in whole-blood circulation. F6b (cross-sections) and F6c (thrombus photos) both show 316LSS and PPAmF tubes/foils filled with dark, occlusive thrombus, BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF only partly filled, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF nearly clean lumen and foil. F5a's SEM confirms the same surface ranking for platelet density and spreading.

This combination supports a coherent, monotonic correspondence: surfaces that suppress platelet adhesion/activation in the static PRP assay are the same surfaces that show the least macroscopic thrombus under dynamic blood circulation, consistent with platelet suppression contributing to reduced thrombogenicity. It does not establish that the PRP-scale platelet response causes or quantitatively predicts the circulation-scale thrombus outcome — the two assays differ in conditions (static incubation vs. flowing whole blood), no statistics or thrombus quantification are given, and other blood components (coagulation cascade, fibrin, leukocytes) that could independently drive thrombus formation are not measured, so the mechanistic link from platelet count/shape to thrombus mass remains inferred, not demonstrated.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}