Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRP/value? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels were opened and inspected.

F3 (polarization): Mg-Zn-Y-Nd has Ecorr ≈ -1.49 V vs 317L SS's -0.25 V, and Icorr ≈24.93 µA/cm² vs 317L SS's 0.017 µA/cm² — roughly three orders of magnitude higher, matching the "2-3 decades" claim. This is a static, essentially initial-time electrochemical snapshot.

F5a (pH): Mg-Zn-Y-Nd pH climbs from 7.4 to a plateau near 10 by ~day 22; 317L SS falls to a minimum near 6.1 by day 20 then partially recovers; blank control rises to ~8.4 by day 3 then declines slowly to ~7.5-7.6.

What the combination supports: the polarization data establish that Mg-Zn-Y-Nd is far more electrochemically active (lower, less noble Ecorr, much higher Icorr) than 317L SS. This is directionally consistent with — and offers a plausible mechanistic basis for — the sustained alkalization seen with Mg-Zn-Y-Nd, since active Mg corrosion (hydrogen evolution/hydroxide release) is a known driver of pH rise. It also supports that 317L SS, being far more passive, would release comparatively little corrosion product.

What it leaves open: the polarization measurement is not a time-resolved series, so it cannot quantitatively account for the specific pH trajectory (rate, plateau timing) over 30 days. It offers no explanation for the 317L SS pH decline to 6.1 or the blank control's rise-then-fall — neither pattern follows from a low, stable Icorr. No quantitative ion-release/pH model links the two datasets; the connection is qualitative/directional only.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Both panels confirmed by direct read. F3 (polarization) shows Mg-Zn-Y-Nd's E_corr at -1.49 V vs 317L SS at -0.25 V, with I_corr 24.93 vs 0.017 µA/cm², a ~1500x gap — matching the stated 2-3 decade shift. F5a (pH) shows Mg-Zn-Y-Nd raising pH from 7.4 to ~10 by day ~22 then plateauing, while 317L SS falls to a minimum of ~6.1 around day 20 before partially recovering, and the blank control rises to ~8.4 then declines to ~7.5.

The upstream ranking (Mg-Zn-Y-Nd corrodes far faster than 317L SS, per polarization and immersion-rate data) is directionally consistent with the pH observation: rapid Mg-alloy dissolution is the kind of process that would drive strong, sustained alkalinization, which is what the faster-corroding sample shows, while the much slower-corroding steel does not show comparable alkalinization. So the pairing supports that the pH divergence is compatible with, and plausibly a consequence of, the same corrosion-rate asymmetry already established.

It does not account for the pH data quantitatively or mechanistically: nothing in the polarization/immersion evidence specifies what chemical process sets pH, so it cannot explain why 317L SS's pH instead falls (rather than staying flat), why the blank control also rises then falls, or predict the plateau near pH 10. The mechanism gap noted earlier still applies here.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}