Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRP/value? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels verified by direct reading.

F3 (polarization curves, in SBF): confirms claim A precisely — Mg-Zn-Y-Nd Ecorr = -1.49 V vs 317L SS Ecorr = -0.25 V (~1.25 V apart, matching "near -1.5 V vs about -0.25 V"), with Icorr 24.93 µA/cm² for Mg-Zn-Y-Nd vs 0.017 µA/cm² for 317L SS — roughly a 1,500x (~3-decade) difference in corrosion current, matching "2-3 decades to higher current."

F5a (pH, panel A, in Hank's solution): Mg-Zn-Y-Nd rises from ~7.4 to ~10 and plateaus (plateau visibly begins around day 16-18, flat through day 30, consistent with "~10 by day 22"). Blank control peaks ~8.4 (days 3-8) then falls to ~7.5-7.6 by day 30. 317L SS falls to a minimum ~6.1 near day 20, then partially recovers to ~7.1 by day 30 — all matching claim B.

What the combination supports: qualitatively, the much lower Ecorr and higher Icorr of Mg-Zn-Y-Nd versus 317L SS is consistent with far more active corrosion, and separately its solution shows strong, sustained alkalization while 317L SS's solution acidifies — a directionally coherent pairing (active Mg corrosion releasing hydroxide vs. more inert/passive SS behavior).

What it leaves open: the polarization data are from SBF while the pH data are from Hank's solution — different fluids, not the same experiment — so the two datasets are only analogically linked, not a demonstrated causal chain within one test. No quantitative link (e.g., corrosion current converted to expected OH- production/pH shift) is given.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Partially — the polarization data account for the pH observation only in direction, not in detail.

What's supported: The polarization curves (F3) put Mg-Zn-Y-Nd at a far more negative corrosion potential (-1.49 V vs -0.25 V) with current density ~3 orders of magnitude higher (24.93 vs 0.017 µA/cm²) than 317L SS, indicating Mg-Zn-Y-Nd is corroding actively while 317L SS is comparatively passive. This is mechanistically compatible with the pH curve (F5a): Mg-Zn-Y-Nd's pH climbs steadily from 7.4 to ~10 by day 22 and plateaus, consistent with an alkalizing corrosion process (Mg dissolution/hydroxide and H2 evolution), while 317L SS shows no comparable rise. So the electrochemical result and the direction of the pH shift for the Mg alloy are consistent.

What's left open: The polarization scan is a single instantaneous measurement and gives no chemical mechanism (no evidence of Mg(OH)2 formation or H2 evolution as such), so it cannot predict the specific pH trajectory, magnitude, or day-22 plateau. It also does not explain why 317L SS's pH falls below baseline to 6.1, or why the metal-free blank control rises then declines — those patterns imply media/buffering effects the electrochemical data don't address. So the combination supports a qualitative, mechanistically plausible link, not a quantitative or complete explanation of the pH curve.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}