Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
All four panels opened and match the cited data. F5d/e (bar charts, ELISA on PRP) show total fibrinogen and its γ-chain roughly halved on BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF versus 316LSS/PPAmF (***), with BVLD/NO-PPAmF's bar not the lowest of the three—consistent with claim A. F6b/c (macro photos, whole-blood circulation) show 316LSS and PPAmF fully dark/occluded, BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF only partly open/clean, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF lumen and foil nearly clean—consistent with claim B.

The upstream fibrinogen data support the general claim that all three surface functionalizations suppress fibrinogen adsorption/activation relative to bare 316LSS/PPAmF, which plausibly contributes to reduced thrombus formation downstream. But the upstream assay gives no basis for the downstream ranking: fibrinogen reduction is essentially equal (even slightly least favorable numerically) for the combined BVLD/NO surface, whereas the whole-blood thrombus photos show BVLD/NO-PPAmF as visibly the cleanest, with BVLD- and NO-PPAmF alone only partially patent. So the combination's superior macroscopic anti-thrombogenic performance is not accounted for by the fibrinogen-adsorption data—it must come from mechanisms outside this assay (e.g., combined effects on platelets/coagulation under flow, not measured here). The link is qualitative/directional only; the graded PRF-level outcome is left open.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
The panels support the same broad division the ELISA/SEM pair already established. F6b (cross-sections) and F6c (thrombus photos) show 316LSS and PPAmF lumens/foils occluded by dark thrombus, while BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF are visibly more open or clean, matching the halved total-fibrinogen and gamma-chain levels (F5d, F5e) shared by all three functionalised coatings relative to controls. So the macro/photo readout and the ELISA readout agree on the coarse split: functionalisation (BVLD, NO, or both) reduces thrombus formation and fibrin(ogen) deposition versus bare/plain PPAmF.

They do not agree on fine ordering. The photos suggest BVLD/NO-PPAmF looks cleanest/most patent (nearly clean lumen and foil), yet ELISA shows BVLD/NO-PPAmF is not the lowest in total fibrinogen or gamma-chain among the three (0.061 and 0.065 vs ~0.053-0.054 for the single-agent coatings) — echoing the earlier SEM/ELISA discrepancy. Because NO-PPAmF (no BVLD) shows comparable photographic and ELISA reduction to BVLD-PPAmF, the combination still cannot attribute the effect specifically to BVLD-driven thrombin inactivation versus an NO-associated or generic PPAmF-coating effect; that attribution question remains open.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}