Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Do the HIF-1alpha and VEGF results describe one dose response in cobalt content?

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
What the four panels actually show:

- F5a (ion release, panel a): Co2+ release increases with soaking time for both cobalt-doped scaffolds, and at every time point 5Co-MBG releases more Co2+ than 2Co-MBG, while 0Co-MBG releases none. This is a clean, monotonic dose relationship between scaffold cobalt content and Co2+ release into solution.
- F9 (western blot): HIF-1α band intensity rises across MBG < 2Co-MBG < 5Co-MBG, with α-tubulin loading control constant. This tracks the same ordering as the Co2+ release data — more cobalt in the scaffold, more HIF-1α protein in BMSCs.
- F11a and F11b (as provided): these are NOT VEGF panels. F11a plots cumulative released drug amount (µg) vs. release time (h), and F11b is a bar chart of relative bacterial survival percentage for blank control, scaffolds, and scaffolds+ampicillin over 1/3/7 days, with the asterisk marking ampicillin-loaded scaffolds as significantly different. Neither panel measures VEGF expression.

Conclusion this evidence justifies: cobalt content and Co2+ release from these MBG scaffolds track together with HIF-1α expression in a consistent, dose-ordered way (0 < 2 < 5 Co-MBG), supporting that cobalt dose drives HIF-1α up. What it leaves uncertain: no VEGF data are present in these four panels at all — F11a/b concern drug release and antibacterial activity, not angiogenic signaling. So this image set cannot show whether VEGF follows the same cobalt dose response as HIF-1α; that claim is unsupported by what was provided here.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Only F9 actually bears on this question. It is a western blot showing HIF-1alpha (120 kDa) band intensity rising across MBG < 2Co-MBG < 5Co-MBG, with the alpha-tubulin loading control roughly equal across lanes — a qualitative, single-blot readout (no densitometric quantification or replicate error bars shown) that tracks the same Co ordering (0Co < 2Co < 5Co) established for embedded/released cobalt.

However, the images supplied as "F11a" and "F11b" are both the same figure, and that figure is not a VEGF panel: panel a is a drug-release-over-time curve and panel b is an antibacterial relative-survival bar chart for ampicillin-loaded scaffolds versus blank control. Neither shows VEGF expression or any Co-dose comparison. F5a, likewise, is the ion-release panel set (Co2+, SiO4, Ca2+, PO4 vs soaking time), not a VEGF measurement.

So the images provided contain no actual VEGF data. The evidence justifies only that HIF-1a protein appears qualitatively higher with higher Co content in this one blot. It does not justify any claim about VEGF, and therefore cannot support or refute the idea that HIF-1a and VEGF together describe "one dose response" — that comparison is unverifiable from what was given here. CANNOT DETERMINE the VEGF half of this question from the supplied panels.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}