Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels reproduce the cited numbers exactly. F7b shows peak voltage climbing stepwise (7.5, 12.5, 26.5, 32.0, 43.0, 62.0 V) as PZT content rises from 0 to 10 wt% for fiber-based PENGs at fixed 220 μm thickness — a clean, monotonic composition–output trend. F7e shows power vs. load resistance on a log scale: fiber film peaks at 136.9 μW near 10 MΩ before falling off at higher loads, while cast film peaks much lower at 21.025 μW over a similar range.

Together these support the claim that PZT loading and fiber (vs. cast) processing raise piezoelectric electrical output — both voltage magnitude and peak power at an optimal external load — i.e., they justify a PRF/service_capability claim about improved energy-harvesting output relative to composition and structuring, and a PRP/value claim about the specific voltage and power magnitudes reported.

What the evidence leaves open: it says nothing about mechanism (why fiber structuring outperforms cast at matched resistance), about durability/cycling stability, energy-conversion efficiency, or whether this power level is sufficient for any real downstream device (e.g., lighting an LED, charging a capacitor). Those service-capability claims would need separate data not shown in these two panels.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Yes, in part. The upstream pair (F7f polarity-reversal + F7b monotonic voltage rise) establishes that the PENG output is a genuine, dose-dependent piezoelectric response rather than a fixed artifact — that is the mechanistic grounding for treating the reported values as real "value" (piezoelectric output) measurements. F7e then reports a downstream, distinct performance metric (power/service_capability): a fiber-film peak of 136.9 uW at 10 MOhm versus 21.025 uW for the cast film, i.e., a fiber-vs-cast morphology comparison, not a PZT-content sweep.

So the upstream evidence accounts for the *existence* of a real piezoelectric mechanism generating measurable output, and for the general claim that this output scales with composition/processing — supporting the plausibility that fiber morphology's superior power stems from the same underlying piezoelectric charge generation. But it does not directly account for the fiber-vs-cast comparison itself: F7b/F7f never test or visualize the cast film, so nothing upstream isolates why fiber outperforms cast (porosity, alignment, contact area, etc.). It also leaves open, as before, whether every composition/sample point (including the specific f-P0.10 fiber sample in F7e) was itself artifact-checked, and it says nothing about the molecular-scale origin of the fiber's power advantage.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}