Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Both panels are consistent with, and directly support, the upstream measurements A and B.

F7b shows six time-domain voltage traces for f-PENGs with 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 wt% PZT, with labeled peak voltages of 7.5, 12.5, 26.5, 32.0, 43.0, and 62.0 V — matching statement A exactly and confirming a monotonic rise in peak output voltage with PZT loading.

F7e shows load-dependent output for the f-P0.10 fiber film versus a cast film across a resistance sweep (10^6–10^9 Ω), with power (right axis, uW) peaking at 136.9 uW near 10^7 Ω for the fiber film and at 21.025 uW for the cast film — matching statement B exactly.

Together, the two panels justify the downstream claim that (i) voltage output scales with PZT content and (ii) fiber-film architecture delivers substantially higher peak power than cast film at matched resistance — i.e., fiber processing plus PZT loading improves piezoelectric energy-harvesting output.

What is left open: these panels alone do not establish *why* fiber morphology outperforms cast film (e.g., poling, crystallinity, alignment mechanisms), nor do they speak to durability, reproducibility across samples, or how this translates into device-level "value" or "service_capability" claims — that requires evidence beyond these two panels.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Partially. F7b/F7f jointly establish that voltage output is a genuine, dose-dependent piezoelectric response that rises monotonically with PZT loading, peaking at 62.0 V at 10 wt%. That supports why the f-P0.10 sample — the highest-PZT, highest-voltage fiber composition — was the one chosen for the power measurement in F7e, and is consistent with the fiber film's very high peak power (136.9 µW at 10 MΩ) relative to the cast film (21.025 µW): a stronger, verified piezoelectric charge-generation process upstream plausibly feeds a larger power output downstream.

But the upstream evidence does not account for two features of F7e specifically. First, F7e's dependence on external load resistance — power rising to a peak at 10 MΩ and then falling as resistance increases further — reflects impedance matching between the device's internal resistance and the load, a phenomenon neither F7b (voltage vs. PZT content) nor F7f (polarity reversal) measures or speaks to. Second, the fiber-vs-cast-film power gap is a morphology/fabrication comparison that F7b and F7f never test, since both only examine fiber-based PENGs across PZT wt%. So the combination supports that the power test used a verified, high-output piezoelectric sample, but leaves the load-dependent power shape and the fiber-vs-cast mechanism unexplained.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}