Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about STR/microstructure/distribution / PRF/qualification? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
The EDS panel (F5e) matches measurement A exactly: for both the anti-CCL21 DNA and A10 RNA aptamer-BSA@ZIF-8 particles, C, Zn and N densely fill the particle outline while P appears only as scattered sparse dots in the same outline. This is consistent with the printed caption's reading — C/Zn/N traceable to the ZIF-8/BSA framework, P specifically attributable to the aptamer's phosphate backbone. That supports a qualitative compositional/co-localization claim (aptamer is present and spatially associated with the particle) but is not quantitative: no signal counts, ratios, or controls are given, so loading amount or uniformity cannot be established from this alone.

The two tables (F7b, F7c) match measurement B: ALT, AST, BUN and CREA at 3–14 days after tail-vein and subcutaneous dosing all fall within the printed reference ranges, for both routes. This supports a claim of normal liver/kidney function markers post-administration — i.e., no acute systemic organ-function disturbance detected. However, the caption's actual claim is "no noticeable histopathology" on H&E-stained tissue, which is a separate, non-blood assay not included among these panels; blood chemistry normalcy is a proxy, not direct confirmation of histology, and no vehicle/untreated comparison group or statistics are shown here. So: the EDS and biomarker data are internally consistent with the printed captions, but the histopathology conclusion itself remains unverified by this evidence set, and compositional quantification is left open.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
The two measurement sets are consistent with, and jointly support, a limited claim: the aptamer-BSA@ZIF-8 particles retain their expected composition (C, Zn, N filling the particle outline, P present only as sparse dots — confirming the aptamer/ZIF-8/BSA structure already established) and that IV (3–14 days) and SC dosing did not push liver (ALT, AST) or kidney (BUN, CREA) function markers outside the printed normal reference ranges in either route. Together these support "the material's composition is confirmed and short-term systemic organ-function biomarkers remain normal after administration" — a reasonable basis for saying the formulation is not causing detectable hepatic or renal dysfunction over this window.

What this leaves open: the biomarker panels (F7b, F7c) report blood chemistry, not tissue morphology — they cannot by themselves establish "no noticeable histopathology changes" (that claim requires the H&E images, which are not among the panels reviewed here); blood chemistry and histology are correlated but distinct endpoints. No statistics, group sizes, or control comparisons are shown, so "within reference range" is a qualitative read against broad normal bands, not a formal non-inferiority test. The EDS map (F5e) speaks only to particle composition/structure, not biodistribution or clearance, and does not itself bear on organ toxicity. So the evidence supports compositional confirmation plus normal short-term organ-function chemistry, but does not independently establish the histopathology qualification.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}