Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
how the material performs in service

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Evidence reviewed: both figure image files (Fig. 3 panels a–g; Fig. 4 panels a–g).

Fig. 4a shows Coulombic efficiency vs. cycle number: CnC HS (zincophilic host) holds ~99–100% CE out to ~200 cycles, while C HS drifts down (~75%) then collapses to 0% by cycle ~40–50. Fig. 4b confirms this in symmetric-cell voltage traces: C HS develops erratic voltage spikes ("C HS battery failure") between ~2800–4300 min, while CnC HS stays flat and stable through ~7000 min. Fig. 4e (galvanostatic cycling under stepped current densities) shows the same pattern — CnC HS/Zn cells cycle smoothly as current density steps up, while C HS/Zn cells show growing overpotential and voltage spikes before failure around 2500–3000 min.

Fig. 3's schematic (panels f/g, matching the "with/without zincophilic sites" captions) proposes a mechanism: Zn–N bonding on CnC HS gives spacious nucleation → lateral growth → a homogeneous Zn deposit, whereas C HS gives dense nucleation → tip growth → dendrites. Panels a–c (XPS, Raman) support that N-bonding/chemical difference exists between the two hosts before and after Zn plating.

Conclusion the evidence justifies: incorporating zincophilic (N-containing) sites (CnC HS) markedly improves Zn plating/stripping reversibility and cycling stability versus a plain carbon host (C HS), which fails via what looks like a short circuit or dendrite penetration after tens of cycles. What is left uncertain: the dendrite-suppression mechanism itself (spacious nucleation/lateral growth) is illustrated only as a cartoon in panels f/g, not directly imaged with SEM/cryo-EM evidence in these panels; the presumed cause of C HS's abrupt failure (dendrite short) is inferred from voltage-spike signatures, not confirmed by cross-sectional or post-mortem imaging shown here; and no full-cell or practical-device cycle life data is included in these specific panels beyond the coin/symmetric-cell tests.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Extending the established structure/overpotential result to actual cycling behavior: F4a (Coulombic efficiency vs cycle number) shows CnC HS/Zn sustaining CE near 100% through >200 cycles, while C HS/Zn's CE collapses to ~0% around cycles 40-50, a signature of cell failure. F4b (symmetric-cell voltage vs time over ~7000 min) shows CnC HS/Zn cycling with small, stable voltage plateaus throughout, while C HS/Zn develops large voltage spikes and an explicit "battery failure" event around 2700-4300 min. F4e (galvanostatic cycling under stepwise-increasing current density) shows CnC HS/Zn remaining stable across the full range of applied current densities, while C HS/Zn develops escalating voltage spikes as current density rises, consistent with short-circuiting at higher rate. Together these three panels justify the conclusion that CnC HS confers substantially better in-service performance (higher CE retention, longer stable symmetric-cell life, and greater tolerance of high current density) than C HS, and that C HS's degradation is rate-dependent, worsening as current density increases — paralleling the earlier morphology/overpotential divergence. What remains uncertain: these voltage/CE traces do not show the deposit morphology at the moment of failure, so the panels do not directly prove that C HS's platelet-mat morphology (F3e) is the physical cause of the observed short-circuiting; that link is inferred, not shown.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}