Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
how the material performs in service

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
Findings from the panels (aenm.202003419, Zn-plating on N-doped carbon host, "CnC HS" = N,C-codoped/zincophilic host vs "C HS" = undoped carbon host):

SEM (F3d, F3e — panels d/e of the first image): after Zn plating, the CnC HS surface (d) shows a comparatively flat, compact deposit with only scattered platelet features, whereas the C HS surface (e) is densely covered with fine needle/flake-like Zn protrusions across the whole 10 µm field — consistent with the schematic in panels f/g showing zincophilic sites giving spacious nucleation → lateral growth → homogeneous Zn film, versus non-zincophilic surfaces giving dense nucleation → tip growth → dendrites.

Electrochemical (F4, second image): F4a shows CnC HS maintaining Coulombic efficiency near 95–100% over ~200 cycles, while C HS drops to near 0% around cycles 40–50, indicating short-circuit/failure. F4b (long symmetric-cell voltage trace) shows C HS developing large voltage spikes and an explicit "C HS battery failure" event around 2700–4300 min, while CnC HS stays flat and stable through 7000+ minutes. F4e (rate-varied symmetric cycling) shows the same pattern: C HS voltage becomes erratic/spikes as current density increases (~2500–3500 min), while CnC HS remains stable.

Justified conclusion: the zincophilic (CnC) host measurably suppresses dendritic/uneven Zn deposition and yields a longer-lived, more stable Zn plating/stripping interface (higher, steadier CE; no observed short-circuit) than the undoped carbon host, under the specific current densities/areal capacities tested (1–4 mA cm⁻², 0.5–4 mAh cm⁻²).

What remains uncertain: these are single representative traces/cells (no error bars, replicate counts, or statistics shown), the mechanism (Zn–N bonding) is only inferred from XPS/Raman shifts (panels a–c) plus schematic, not directly imaged at the bond level; performance beyond ~200 cycles / 7000 min or at other current densities, temperatures, or in full cells (only one full-cell device photo, F4g, no full-cell cycling data shown here) is not established by these panels alone.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
Panels F4a, F4b, and F4e show cell-level performance rather than only morphology/plateau data. In F4a (Coulombic efficiency at 1 mAh cm⁻², 4 mA cm⁻²), CnC HS maintains CE near 100% for ~200 cycles, while C HS is more erratic, dips toward 75%, and drops to 0% around cycles 40–50 — a signature of short-circuit/cell failure. F4b (symmetric-cell cycling over ~7000 min) shows CnC HS's voltage trace stays flat and periodic throughout, whereas C HS develops large voltage spikes around 2700–4300 min explicitly annotated "C HS battery failure." F4e (cycling across stepped current densities) shows the same pattern: CnC HS tracks the current-density steps smoothly, while C HS again shows growing voltage instability/spikes as current density increases.

Together these justify the conclusion that in service, CnC HS supports substantially longer, more stable, higher-efficiency Zn plating/stripping than C HS, including avoidance of the short-circuit failure C HS exhibits — consistent with (but not proof of a mechanistic link to) the earlier-established morphology and plateau-gap story. What remains uncertain: these panels don't establish that the specific dendritic/platelet morphology (F3d/e) or the -0.05 V/-0.10 V plateau gap (F4c) is the direct cause of the C HS failure event seen here; that causal chain is plausible but not demonstrated by these panels alone.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}