Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
The panels are consistent with the ELISA numbers: F5d/F5e show total fibrinogen and gamma-chain both dropping roughly by half on BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF versus bare 316LSS/PPAmF, with a single significance bracket (***) spanning the two control bars vs the three functionalized bars, but no bracket distinguishing BVLD/NO-PPAmF from the two single-agent coatings — error bars for the three functionalized bars overlap. So the upstream evidence supports that all three functionalized coatings similarly suppress fibrinogen adsorption/activation relative to bare surfaces, and it is consistent with BVLD/NO not being significantly different (per-mm value/measured level, not "lowest") from the single agents.

That accounts for part of the downstream picture — the gross reduction in fibrinogen deposition on all three coatings versus controls, matching the dark-thrombus-filled tubes/foils (316LSS, PPAmF) versus more open lumens (BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF). It does not account for the further gradient seen in F6b/F6c, where BVLD/NO-PPAmF alone shows an essentially clean lumen and clean foil while the single-agent coatings are only partly open. Since the fibrinogen assay shows no statistical edge for the dual coating, the additional macroscopic improvement for BVLD/NO-PPAmF is left unexplained by this evidence — it would require another mechanism (e.g., platelet activation, synergistic dual release) not measured in these panels.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
All four panels viewed (F5d, F5e, F6b, F6c).

F5d/F5e confirm the numeric claims: total fibrinogen drops from ~0.10 (316LSS, PPAmF) to ~0.05-0.06 on BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF, with BVLD/NO not the lowest of the three; gamma-chain shows the same pattern (~0.13-0.15 down to ~0.05-0.065). F6b/F6c show 316LSS and PPAmF tubes/foils filled with dark, red-brown thrombus, while BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF show progressively cleaner lumens/foils, with BVLD/NO-PPAmF the most patent-looking.

What this combination supports: the macroscopic reduction in thrombus (photos) co-occurs with the ELISA-measured drop in fibrinogen/gamma-chain adsorption across all three functionalized coatings as a group, relative to bare 316LSS/PPAmF — i.e., functionalization in general, not BVLD's anti-thrombin activity specifically, tracks with less clot. This is consistent with the earlier-established dissociation: since NO-PPAmF lowers fibrinogen and shows visibly less thrombus without any drop in thrombin activity, thrombin inhibition is not necessary for the macroscopic anti-thrombotic appearance either.

What it leaves open: the photos are qualitative/visual (no quantitative thrombus mass or occlusion score tied panel-for-panel to the ELISA bars), so no dose-response or matched statistical link between fibrinogen/gamma-chain level and thrombus extent is established. It remains undetermined whether fibrinogen reduction itself causally drives the visible patency, or whether both are independent downstream readouts of a shared but unspecified surface-passivation mechanism. BVLD/NO-PPAmF looking cleanest in photos despite not being lowest in fibrinogen further underscores that no single upstream measure (thrombin activity or fibrinogen adsorption alone) fully accounts for the macroscopic outcome.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}