Two answers to the same question about one set of measurements. Both answerers saw the same evidence. The second was additionally handed an earlier established result; the first was not.

THE QUESTION
Does the upstream evidence account for the downstream observation about PRP/value / PRF/service_capability? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

ANSWER 1 -- evidence only
The three panels support a coherent upstream-to-downstream story, but only at the level of correlation, not demonstrated mechanism.

F5a (SEM after 2h PRP incubation) shows platelets that are numerous, spread, and dendritic on 316LSS and PPAmF, versus fewer, smaller, and less spread/more rounded platelets on BVLD-PPAmF, NO-PPAmF, and BVLD/NO-PPAmF. F6b (cross-sections after 2h blood circulation) and F6c (photos of formed thrombus) show 316LSS and PPAmF lumens fully occluded by dark thrombus, while the BVLD- and NO-releasing surfaces show open, largely clean lumens with markedly less clot.

Together, this supports the claim that surfaces which suppress platelet adhesion/activation in the PRP assay are the same surfaces that show reduced macroscopic thrombus formation during blood circulation — i.e., the platelet-level (upstream) finding is consistent with, and helps explain, the downstream reduction in thrombogenic occlusion/service capability.

What it leaves open: the two assays are different experiments (static PRP incubation vs. dynamic ex vivo circulation), so this is correlation across separate runs, not a single causal chain; panels show no cell counts, statistics, or replicate numbers; no evidence here addresses fibrin/coagulation-cascade contributions to the visible clot, only platelets; and sample sizes appear to be single specimens per condition in both figures.

ANSWER 2 -- the same evidence, plus the earlier result
The macro/cross-section evidence (F6b, F6c) shows a thrombus gradient across the five surfaces that lines up with the SEM platelet pattern already established, not with the thrombin-activity assay. 316L SS and PPAmF (many spread, dendritic platelets) have lumens fully packed with dark thrombus; BVLD-PPAmF and NO-PPAmF (fewer platelets) are only partly occluded; BVLD/NO-PPAmF (few round, unspread platelets) is nearly clean. Because NO-PPAmF sits in the "partly open" tier despite having unaltered thrombin activity, this downstream result is consistent with the platelet-suppression reading, not the thrombin-activity reading — reinforcing the earlier caveat that thrombin activity does not track platelet suppression (or, here, occlusion) across all four/five surfaces.

What this combination supports: a qualitative, ordinal correspondence between platelet spreading/activation (SEM) and gross thrombus burden (photos/cross-sections), with BVLD/NO-PPAmF giving the strongest anti-thrombotic outcome even though its thrombin activity equals BVLD-PPAmF's — implying an additional, non-thrombin-mediated contribution (plausibly NO-related) to the combined coating's superior performance.

What it leaves open: no quantitative thrombus mass/occlusion score is given, only categorical photographic description, so no dose-response link to platelet counts or thrombin activity can be established; the causal contribution of thrombin suppression versus platelet suppression versus NO's independent action to the observed occlusion cannot be separated from this evidence alone.

Did the earlier result do any work?

Rule "yes" only if ANSWER 2 states a different conclusion as justified by the evidence, or leaves a materially different uncertainty, than ANSWER 1 does.

Rule "no" if ANSWER 2 reaches the same conclusion with the same uncertainty -- including when it is worded differently, is longer, restates the earlier result, cites it as consistent or corroborating, or uses it only as background. Repeating a result is not using it.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"changed": "yes" | "no",
 "what_changed": "conclusion" | "uncertainty" | "both" | "nothing",
 "why": "at most 50 words, quoting the words in ANSWER 1 and ANSWER 2 that decide it"}