Question as the solver sees it: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about STR/defect/extended that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A is not a raw measurement here. It is a result already established by an earlier step, handed to this step as settled:
  Because Observation A already established that the onset of plasticity at the first strain step is phase-selective and interface-localized (one lamella type stays featureless while its neighbour develops mottled and interfacial line contrast), the appearance at a further strain step of a dense dislocation pile-up specifically along a lamella boundary (Observation B) can be read as a continuation of that same interface-localized, phase-selective pattern rather than a new or different mode of deformation. Read together, the pair supports that the asymmetric partitioning of strain seen at the first step persists into a later strain step, with the boundary/interface remaining the site of dislocation accumulation rather than deformation becoming spatially uniform across the microstructure.
  The qualifications recorded on that earlier result:
    - Still does not identify which lamella (A or B) corresponds to which phase (B2 or FCC); the pile-up observation is a boundary feature and does not by itself map onto a named phase
    - Still does not establish the mechanism behind the asymmetry: a dislocation pile-up at the boundary is consistent with either an interface/constraint obstruction effect or with one phase's intrinsically lower slip resistance funneling activity toward the boundary, and the pair cannot separate these
    - Adds only one further strain state to the two already compared (baseline and first step), so three total states still support only an ordering of appearance across strain, not a rate or trend of defect accumulation
    - Does not establish whether the pattern will continue, intensify, or reverse beyond this further step, since no additional later state is included

Observation B (None): Dense parallel dislocation walls with cells, labelled Taylor lattice; arrow marks a pile-up

How the graph links them: the earlier result concludes a claim that points to B's claim through a n9 -> n10 edge
Panels: F5a

What the paper concluded, for your reference as the key's author:
  After fracture FCC holds dense dislocation walls and Taylor lattices; B2 holds straight parallel dislocations

You are drafting an answer key, not answering a question.

Say what these two pieces of evidence, taken TOGETHER, actually permit -- and no more. The item
exists because neither one answers the question alone, so a key that could be satisfied from one
side is wrong.

A key that overstates is worse than a key that says a thing cannot be determined. "Not
identifiable" is correct and scorable whenever two candidate causes cannot be separated -- but only
stated together with the comparison that shows it.

Give:
1. the combining proposition: what follows from putting the two together. If nothing does, say so
   and set `combines` false.
2. its limits: what the pair does NOT establish. Include any confound -- two variables moving
   together by construction, a quantity set against a different KIND of quantity (a rate against a
   cumulative amount, a test temperature against a service temperature, an absolute against a
   normalized value), or too few points to support a relationship rather than an ordering.
3. `not_identifiable`: if two causes cannot be separated here, name them. Otherwise null.
4. the quantity kind on each side: rate, amount, cumulative or normalized, with units and window.
5. three labels:
   dependency: real if the conclusion needs BOTH observations, none if one suffices.
   inference_validity: "follows", "follows, weakly", or "does not follow".
   causal_strength: descriptive, associative, conditional mechanism, or discriminating.

Reply with EXACTLY the JSON object below and nothing else.

Your own instructions may describe a different output shape, with fields such as "question",
"answer_key" or "grading". **Do not use it.** You are not writing a trace item here; you are
drafting the key for one that already exists. A reply whose top-level object contains "question" is
wrong, however good its content, and will be discarded.

{"combines": true or false, "proposition": "...", "limits": ["..."],
 "not_identifiable": "..." or null,
 "quantity": {"a": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}, "b": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}},
 "labels": {"dependency": "...", "inference_validity": "...", "causal_strength": "..."}}