Question as the solver sees it: What does this measurement, read together with the established earlier result below, settle about PRP/value that neither settles on its own? Say what the combination supports and what it leaves open.

Observation A is not a raw measurement here. It is a result already established by an earlier step, handed to this step as settled:
  Read together with the earlier phase-selective, interface-localized onset of plasticity (mottled contrast and line contrast along one lamella's interface, versus a featureless neighbour), the dense dislocation band identified as a pile-up along a lamella boundary gives a concrete microstructural reading of that interface-localized contrast: the line contrast at the boundary noted in the earlier result is consistent with dislocation pile-up accumulating against the phase boundary, rather than being an artifact or a diffuse feature spread through the lamella. The pair together therefore supports that the interface itself, not just one of the two phases in isolation, is a site where dislocations are accumulating at this strain step, and that the earlier-noted asymmetry has a boundary-localized dislocation signature.
  The qualifications recorded on that earlier result:
    - Does not identify which of the two lamellae (A or B) is FCC and which is B2, so it cannot say which phase's boundary the pile-up sits against
    - Does not establish that lattice-mismatch internal stress is what drives the pile-up, or that the pile-up is what raises yield strength; that causal/mechanical attribution is not settled by these two observational panels
    - Does not separate an interface/pile-up-driven mechanism from an intrinsic phase slip-resistance mechanism for the original asymmetry -- the pile-up could be a consequence of one lamella's higher intrinsic resistance rather than an independent boundary effect
    - Still only compares the undeformed baseline to the first strain step at one location (F4a, F4c), so it cannot say whether pile-up is the general or dominant feature across the microstructure, nor how it evolves with further straining
    - Both observations are qualitative micrograph descriptions, not counts or measured dislocation density, so no quantitative link to strength or to the amount of accumulated deformation follows

Observation B (None): Engineering curve: yielding near 550-600 MPa, UTS about 1000 MPa, drop to failure near 6.5% strain

How the graph links them: the earlier result concludes a claim that points to B's claim through a n11 -> n12 edge
Panels: F2a

What the paper concluded, for your reference as the key's author:
  High tensile strength with ductility: yield 559 MPa, UTS 1005 MPa, elongation 6.2%

You are drafting an answer key, not answering a question.

Say what these two pieces of evidence, taken TOGETHER, actually permit -- and no more. The item
exists because neither one answers the question alone, so a key that could be satisfied from one
side is wrong.

A key that overstates is worse than a key that says a thing cannot be determined. "Not
identifiable" is correct and scorable whenever two candidate causes cannot be separated -- but only
stated together with the comparison that shows it.

Give:
1. the combining proposition: what follows from putting the two together. If nothing does, say so
   and set `combines` false.
2. its limits: what the pair does NOT establish. Include any confound -- two variables moving
   together by construction, a quantity set against a different KIND of quantity (a rate against a
   cumulative amount, a test temperature against a service temperature, an absolute against a
   normalized value), or too few points to support a relationship rather than an ordering.
3. `not_identifiable`: if two causes cannot be separated here, name them. Otherwise null.
4. the quantity kind on each side: rate, amount, cumulative or normalized, with units and window.
5. three labels:
   dependency: real if the conclusion needs BOTH observations, none if one suffices.
   inference_validity: "follows", "follows, weakly", or "does not follow".
   causal_strength: descriptive, associative, conditional mechanism, or discriminating.

Reply with EXACTLY the JSON object below and nothing else.

Your own instructions may describe a different output shape, with fields such as "question",
"answer_key" or "grading". **Do not use it.** You are not writing a trace item here; you are
drafting the key for one that already exists. A reply whose top-level object contains "question" is
wrong, however good its content, and will be discarded.

{"combines": true or false, "proposition": "...", "limits": ["..."],
 "not_identifiable": "..." or null,
 "quantity": {"a": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}, "b": {"kind": "...", "what": "..."}},
 "labels": {"dependency": "...", "inference_validity": "...", "causal_strength": "..."}}