A sentence below was written by an automated system summarising one paper. Separately, the paper's own authors wrote the caption and body text quoted underneath it. Rule whether the authors themselves state the same finding.

THE AUTOMATED SYSTEM'S SENTENCE
Cross-sectional SEM/EDX reveals that Li-In progressively invades the electrolyte from the interface and develops flame-like, striped, and network morphologies, demonstrating dendritic penetration as the direct failure mode.

THE AUTHORS' OWN TEXT FOR THIS FIGURE PANEL
caption: Cross-sectional SEM images of the cell | SEM image and EDX mapping of | It is clearly observed that the Li-In dendrites grew densely and laterally in stripes, as further demonstrated by the EDX mapping of indium (Fig. 3c). | The elements P, S, and Cl (Fig. 3d–f) were uniformly distributed in the LPSCl electrolyte. | S, and | Cl in the middle region of Li-In dendrites. SEM images of Li-In dendrites | in the top region | in the bottom region, and | in the transition region. SEM images of Li-In dendrites from an oblique view at | low magnification and | high magnification
body: The SEM image in the middle region of Li-In dendrites (red boxed area in Fig. 3a) is displayed in Fig. 3b. Figure 3g shows the morphology of Li-In dendrites in the top region (blue boxed area in Fig. 3a). The SEM image in the middle region of Li-In dendrites (red boxed area in Fig. 3a) is displayed in Fig. 3b. In addition, the striped dendrites shown in Fig. 3i are much denser than those in Fig. 3b, and the Li-In alloy occupies a higher proportion in the mixture of the Li-In alloy and electrolyte. Compared with vertically growing Li dendrites (Fig. 6b), laterally striped Li-In dendrites (Fig. 3b) are favorable for reducing the growth rate of dendrites and alleviating structural damage to sulfide electrolytes. It is clearly observed that the Li-In dendrites grew densely and laterally in stripes, as further demonstrated by the EDX mapping of indium (Fig. 3c). The elements P, S, and Cl (Fig. 3d–f) were uniformly distributed in the LPSCl electrolyte. The elements P, S, and Cl (Fig. 3d–f) were uniformly distributed in the LPSCl electrolyte. The elements P, S, and Cl (Fig. 3d–f) were uniformly distributed in the LPSCl electrolyte. Figure 3g shows the morphology of Li-In dendrites in the top region (blue boxed area in Fig. 3a). In the bottom region of Li-In dendrites, the electrolyte was broken into smaller particles &lt;4 μm in diameter, as seen from Fig. 3h (green boxed area). Figure 3i shows the SEM image of the transition region between the two morphologies of Li-In dendrites (black boxed area). In addition, the striped dendrites shown in Fig. 3i are much denser than those in Fig. 3b, and the Li-In alloy occupies a higher proportion in the mixture of the Li-In alloy and electrolyte. Figure 3j, k shows SEM images of the Li-In alloy anode from oblique views at low and high magnifications, respectively. Figure 3j, k shows SEM images of the Li-In alloy anode from oblique views at low and high magnifications, respectively.

Rule one of:

  states        the authors' text asserts the same finding about the same property. Different
                wording and extra detail are fine; the assertion has to be there.
  related       the authors' text is about the same panel or property but does not assert this
                particular finding.
  absent        the authors' text does not carry this finding at all.

Quote the authors' own words for `states`. If you cannot quote them, the ruling is not `states`.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"verdict": "states|related|absent", "quote": "", "property": "the property both are about, at most eight words"}