A sentence below was written by an automated system summarising one paper. Separately, the paper's own authors wrote the caption and body text quoted underneath it. Rule whether the authors themselves state the same finding.

THE AUTOMATED SYSTEM'S SENTENCE
These measurements indicate that discharge first involves Zn2+ uptake by two pathways: formation of spinel ZnMn2O4 and reversible insertion of Zn2+ into γ-/ε-MnO2 tunnels to produce tunnel-type ZnxMnO2.

THE AUTHORS' OWN TEXT FOR THIS FIGURE PANEL
caption: ) Electrode discharged at 1.35 V during the conditioning cycle, ( | ) electrode charged at 1.8 V during the 5th cycle, and ( | ) fully charged electrode held for 2 h at 1.8 V during the 50th cycle
body: The electrode discharged at 1.35 V during the conditioning cycle is shown in Fig. 5a, including an example of an SAED pattern from the polycrystalline particle shown. The EDX maps (Fig. 5a) indicate that the Zn signal overlaps with the Mn and O signals, which confirms that Zn2+ is readily inserted into MnO2 during the first stage of discharge at 1.35 V. STEM images and EDX maps of the EMD electrode after charging to 1.8 V (5th cycle) are shown in Fig. 5b. STEM images and EDX maps for the EMD electrode charged at 1.8 V and held for 2 h are shown in Fig. 5c. According to the EDX analysis of the region in Fig. 5c, the Mn/Zn ratio in chalcophanite is ~ 2.5.

Rule one of:

  states        the authors' text asserts the same finding about the same property. Different
                wording and extra detail are fine; the assertion has to be there.
  related       the authors' text is about the same panel or property but does not assert this
                particular finding.
  absent        the authors' text does not carry this finding at all.

Quote the authors' own words for `states`. If you cannot quote them, the ruling is not `states`.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"verdict": "states|related|absent", "quote": "", "property": "the property both are about, at most eight words"}