A sentence below was written by an automated system summarising one paper. Separately, the paper's own authors wrote the caption and body text quoted underneath it. Rule whether the authors themselves state the same finding.

THE AUTOMATED SYSTEM'S SENTENCE
Postmortem XPS and SEM then identify the chemical and morphological origin of these impedance changes, showing buildup of carbonaceous, alkoxide, oxide, fluoride, nitride, and related species, plus dendrite-like features during lithium plating.

THE AUTHORS' OWN TEXT FOR THIS FIGURE PANEL
caption: pristine Cu–C electrode | pristine Al–C electrode | pristine PCL:LiTFSI membrane | cross section of Cu–C electrode from an angle showing layering of (1) polymeric layer, carbon coating (2), and Cu current collector (3) | dendrite-like structures on top of Cu–C | dendrite-like structures attached to the polymer electrolyte adjacent to Cu–C electrode and | Cu–C electrode after three cycles | circular patterns left in the absence of dendrite structures; and | polymeric species on top of the Al–C electrode
body: As seen in Figure 6a,b, the pristine surface of Cu–C and Al–C is covered in a thin layer of conductive carbon particle agglomerates. These structures also covered a large portion of the PCL:LiTFSI surface (Figures 6f and S8a) and are rich in oxygen (see Figure S8b). Left behind are small inorganic residues and exposed copper foil (see Figures 6g and S8c,d). As seen in Figure 6a,b, the pristine surface of Cu–C and Al–C is covered in a thin layer of conductive carbon particle agglomerates. In contrast to the SEM image in Figure 6b, XPS analysis of pristine Al–C shows that the aluminum current collector is covered in carbon and binder. In contrast, the pristine PCL:LiTFSI membrane has a smooth surface; see Figure 6c. The first layer can be seen in Figure 6d (marked with 1), which appears to be polymeric and was easily damaged by the electron beam. These structures also covered a large portion of the PCL:LiTFSI surface (Figures 6f and S8a) and are rich in oxygen (see Figure S8b). Left behind are small inorganic residues and exposed copper foil (see Figures 6g and S8c,d). The second layer consists of dendrite-like structures approximately 1 to 5 μm in size; see Figure 6e. These structures also covered a large portion of the PCL:LiTFSI surface (Figures 6f and S8a) and are rich in oxygen (see Figure S8b). Left behind are small inorganic residues and exposed copper foil (see Figures 6g and S8c,d). SEM imaging of the adjacent polymer surface revealed circular patterns in place of the dendrite structures (see Figure 6h). In contrast, only small polymeric residues were observed on the Al–C electrode following oxidation to 6 V vs Li+/Li (see Figure 6i).

Rule one of:

  states        the authors' text asserts the same finding about the same property. Different
                wording and extra detail are fine; the assertion has to be there.
  related       the authors' text is about the same panel or property but does not assert this
                particular finding.
  absent        the authors' text does not carry this finding at all.

Quote the authors' own words for `states`. If you cannot quote them, the ruling is not `states`.

Return JSON and nothing else:
{"verdict": "states|related|absent", "quote": "", "property": "the property both are about, at most eight words"}