Answer key, one entry per step:
  Step 1: 2Co- and 5Co-MBG keep an ordered mesoporous channel structure (pores ~4-5 nm); Co lowers mesoporosity: surface area 290 to 180 and 127 m2/g, pore volume 0.30 to 0.19 and 0.15 cm3/g
  Step 2: Co2+ release is set by Co content: 5Co-MBG releases faster and more than 2Co-MBG, both rising over 7 days; Released Co2+ acts as a hypoxia mimic, raising HIF-1alpha in BMSCs, which drives VEGF; 2Co-MBG releases ampicillin over the first ~72 h, then the release plateaus; Ampicillin-loaded 2Co-MBG lowers bacterial survival versus blank and drug-free scaffolds
  Step 3: Released Co2+ acts as a hypoxia mimic, raising HIF-1alpha in BMSCs, which drives VEGF; Ampicillin-loaded 2Co-MBG lowers bacterial survival versus blank and drug-free scaffolds

What the reader said each step establishes:
  Step 1: F2 (small-angle XRD) shows a low-angle diffraction peak (~1.3-1.5 deg 2theta) characteristic of an ordered mesostructure, with intensity decreasing sharply from undoped MBG to 2Co-MBG to 5Co-MBG, indicating that increasing Co doping progressively degrades mesostructural ordering. F4a/F4b (TEM) confirm the presence of ordered, channel-like mesopores at the nanoscale (lattice fringe pattern typical of mesoporous silica-type materials) in the (Co-)MBG particles. F3a (N2 adsorption/desorption isotherms) show type-IV isotherms with hysteresis loops consistent with mesoporous structure, and total pore volume decreases as Co content increases (0Co > 2Co > 5Co). F3b (pore-size distribution) shows a similarly shaped distribution across compositions but with the peak height and area shrinking, and a modest shift, as Co content increases, indicating fewer/smaller mesopores with more Co doping. Together these establish that the material is a mesoporous bioactive glass with an ordered mesopore network whose degree of order and pore volume/size are reduced by Co incorporation.
  Step 2: F5a shows Co2+ ion release kinetics from soaking: no release from 0Co-MBG, and dose- and time-dependent sustained release from 2Co-MBG and 5Co-MBG rising over 7 days, establishing the rate at which the material releases its active ionic component. F9 (western blot) shows HIF-1alpha protein levels increasing with Co content (MBG < 2Co-MBG < 5Co-MBG), consistent with a mechanism by which released Co2+ mimics hypoxia signaling (HIF-1alpha stabilization), linking the structural/compositional feature (Co loading) to a biological signaling mechanism. F11a shows a drug (antibiotic) release profile with an initial burst (~24h) followed by a plateau by ~72-120h, characterizing the release kinetics/mechanism of a loaded therapeutic. F11b shows that scaffolds loaded with ampicillin reduce bacterial survival percentage over time relative to controls, while scaffolds alone do not, indicating an antibacterial performance function tied to drug loading and release rate.
  Step 3: No evidence is provided for this step, so nothing can be established from the images regarding mechanism or in-service performance at this stage of the argument.

You are grading what a reader concluded from evidence, against what the paper actually concluded.

For each step, compare the reader's statement with the answer key and rule one of: correct, partly correct, wrong, or cannot tell.
  correct       the reader reached the key's finding, in their own words
  partly correct the reader reached part of it, or reached it with the wrong magnitude, direction or sample
  wrong         the reader reached something the key contradicts
  cannot tell   the reader declined to conclude, or said only that the evidence is insufficient

Judge the substance, not the wording, and do not reward a statement for merely repeating the measurement without reaching a finding -- that is `cannot tell`.
Reply as JSON only: {"steps": [{"step": 1, "verdict": "...", "why": "one sentence"}]}